<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>lang team planning update · wg-async · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/187312-wg-async/index.html">wg-async</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/187312-wg-async/topic/lang.20team.20planning.20update.html">lang team planning update</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="244218622"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/187312-wg-async/topic/lang%20team%20planning%20update/near/244218622" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/187312-wg-async/topic/lang.20team.20planning.20update.html#244218622">(Jun 28 2021 at 23:50)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hey all!</p>
<p>The lang team is holding the next planning meeting on July 7th (next week), and is looking for updates from the active projects. Please leave them on your issue on the lang-team repo: <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/lang-team/issues/33">https://github.com/rust-lang/lang-team/issues/33</a></p>
<p>Good questions to consider:</p>
<ul>
<li>What are recent topics of discussion?</li>
<li>Any exciting developments since the last check-in?</li>
<li>Any points where the group is stuck and the lang-team could weigh in?</li>
<li>Any potential design meeting topics?</li>
<li>Any other concerns?</li>
</ul>
<p>No worries if there's not been any significant progress since the last update.</p>



<a name="244978562"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/187312-wg-async/topic/lang%20team%20planning%20update/near/244978562" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/187312-wg-async/topic/lang.20team.20planning.20update.html#244978562">(Jul 05 2021 at 22:23)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116883">@tmandry</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116009">@nikomatsakis</span> could either of you provide an update on the issue? The meeting is in ~2 days now.</p>



<a name="245207589"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/187312-wg-async/topic/lang%20team%20planning%20update/near/245207589" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/187312-wg-async/topic/lang.20team.20planning.20update.html#245207589">(Jul 07 2021 at 16:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>Done.</p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 20:01 UTC</p>
</html>