[
    {
        "content": "<p>meeting in 4 minutes ! <a href=\"https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Devtools-team-meetings--AfVgFCjuY7SfRxRYEoHqrQ_ZAg-CGijjZIVoybEvU4Co5Hms\">https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Devtools-team-meetings--AfVgFCjuY7SfRxRYEoHqrQ_ZAg-CGijjZIVoybEvU4Co5Hms</a></p>",
        "id": 261705538,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1637096212
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>was just about to ask if we were still meeting lol</p>",
        "id": 261705598,
        "sender_full_name": "Caleb Cartwright",
        "timestamp": 1637096241
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hey everyone! welcome to our meeting!</p>",
        "id": 261706090,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1637096444
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Looks like we mostly have team updates on the agenda, anyone want to go firsT?</p>",
        "id": 261706143,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1637096465
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I just finished writing up notes for rustfmt, happy to go first</p>",
        "id": 261706344,
        "sender_full_name": "Caleb Cartwright",
        "timestamp": 1637096562
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>rustfmt</p>\n<p>3 unstabilized options Iâ€™d like to deprecate, want to run it past this team before asking for feedback/objections from broader community (<code>report_todo</code>, <code>report_fixme</code>, <code>license_template_path</code>). Somewhat buggy features that IMO are completely unrelated to formatting/reformatting of code. The first two involve searching for TODO or FIXME text in comments, the latter is used to enforce files start with a license</p>\n<p>Minor bug fixes/refactoring</p>\n<p>Continued activity/contributions from a couple folks who seem to be sticking around</p>",
        "id": 261706392,
        "sender_full_name": "Caleb Cartwright",
        "timestamp": 1637096589
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i've clearly still not figured out Zulip message formatting</p>",
        "id": 261706487,
        "sender_full_name": "Caleb Cartwright",
        "timestamp": 1637096636
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>heh</p>",
        "id": 261706821,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1637096807
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i think removing unstable options is fine</p>",
        "id": 261706849,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1637096822
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>you should chat with <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"232545\">@Joshua Nelson</span> a bit, he's been going through unstable rustdoc features and doing a structured triage</p>",
        "id": 261706889,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1637096843
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>worth doing</p>",
        "id": 261706891,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1637096845
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>from clippy's side: no major updates</p>",
        "id": 261706906,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1637096853
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i think we have low attendance today (happens for the rust project near the end of the year)</p>",
        "id": 261706986,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1637096883
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i guess we can wrap up early?</p>",
        "id": 261707011,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1637096889
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I had something I wanted to ask about.</p>",
        "id": 261707040,
        "sender_full_name": "Eric Huss",
        "timestamp": 1637096907
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'd like to see people's thoughts about how to deal with getting blocked by other teams, and how to approach it.</p>",
        "id": 261707063,
        "sender_full_name": "Eric Huss",
        "timestamp": 1637096929
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>go for it!</p>",
        "id": 261707113,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1637096961
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I tend to get in situations where what I want to do depends on some other group approving it.  And it can take months or years to get forward progress.</p>",
        "id": 261707137,
        "sender_full_name": "Eric Huss",
        "timestamp": 1637096980
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"120518\">Eric Huss</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16.20meeting/near/261707063\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I'd like to see people's thoughts about how to deal with getting blocked by other teams, and how to approach it.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>blocked as in a sequencing thing where you need something from someone else or</p>",
        "id": 261707144,
        "sender_full_name": "Caleb Cartwright",
        "timestamp": 1637096988
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yea. Just needing some other team to approve a PR for example.</p>",
        "id": 261707208,
        "sender_full_name": "Eric Huss",
        "timestamp": 1637097004
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I tend to have moderate success having conversations with people of that group; sometimes they invite you to their meeting etc</p>",
        "id": 261707241,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1637097017
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I completely understand, as I probably have a hundred PRs waiting for my review.</p>",
        "id": 261707247,
        "sender_full_name": "Eric Huss",
        "timestamp": 1637097022
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So I don't really know the answer.</p>",
        "id": 261707258,
        "sender_full_name": "Eric Huss",
        "timestamp": 1637097027
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah it's hard</p>",
        "id": 261707262,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1637097030
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i think it's okay to ask for a timeline, and explain why it is a priority for you</p>",
        "id": 261707332,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1637097066
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>are there any higher level cross-team forums where cross-team dependencies like this can be shared?</p>",
        "id": 261707335,
        "sender_full_name": "Caleb Cartwright",
        "timestamp": 1637097067
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yea, that sounds like a good idea.  I was thinking of trying to get like a video or voice chat to try to see if they have questions or whatever.</p>",
        "id": 261707368,
        "sender_full_name": "Eric Huss",
        "timestamp": 1637097089
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>not really, the answer is basically \"bug the leader/members of that team\"</p>",
        "id": 261707371,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1637097091
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the core team did want better product-oriented thinking in rust and being able to track this better would be a part of that</p>",
        "id": 261707398,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1637097111
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it would be nice if there were basically a team of folks tracking progress like that</p>",
        "id": 261707456,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1637097125
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but right now, just talk to em 1:1</p>",
        "id": 261707484,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1637097145
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>right, someone looking at the forest as opposed to everyone focused on their individual trees</p>",
        "id": 261707506,
        "sender_full_name": "Caleb Cartwright",
        "timestamp": 1637097155
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think another thing is that it can be difficult to evaluate the importance.</p>",
        "id": 261707537,
        "sender_full_name": "Eric Huss",
        "timestamp": 1637097174
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>was just thinking the same thing. managing competing priorities/divergent perspectives on priorities is always a challenge</p>",
        "id": 261707597,
        "sender_full_name": "Caleb Cartwright",
        "timestamp": 1637097205
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Like most of what I want to do isn't super important, but when it gets delayed for months, I tend to forget the context and it makes it harder.</p>",
        "id": 261707600,
        "sender_full_name": "Eric Huss",
        "timestamp": 1637097208
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok, thanks!  I'll see if I can try to get conversations going to at least see if there is anything that can be done.</p>",
        "id": 261707705,
        "sender_full_name": "Eric Huss",
        "timestamp": 1637097258
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Are we planning to meet next month? be heavily into the holiday season for many</p>",
        "id": 261707739,
        "sender_full_name": "Caleb Cartwright",
        "timestamp": 1637097288
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>let's cancel</p>",
        "id": 261707751,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1637097295
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i'm out of town anyway</p>",
        "id": 261707755,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1637097299
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>sgtm</p>",
        "id": 261707758,
        "sender_full_name": "Caleb Cartwright",
        "timestamp": 1637097301
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>happy 2022 to everyone then? <span aria-label=\"laughter tears\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f602\" role=\"img\" title=\"laughter tears\">:laughter_tears:</span></p>",
        "id": 261707820,
        "sender_full_name": "Caleb Cartwright",
        "timestamp": 1637097334
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"132040\">Manish Goregaokar</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16.20meeting/near/261706889\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>you should chat with <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"232545\">Joshua Nelson</span> a bit, he's been going through unstable rustdoc features and doing a structured triage</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>\"doing a structured triage\" is strong wording for \"glanced at about half of the features\"</p>",
        "id": 261708447,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1637097679
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but yes I'm hoping to clean this up in rustdoc too lol</p>",
        "id": 261708464,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1637097688
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"232545\">@Joshua Nelson</span> for unstable rustdoc features that you and the team think should be dropped, is there any kind of process/communication practice you all are following or are you just going ahead with the relevant code changes?</p>",
        "id": 261709105,
        "sender_full_name": "Caleb Cartwright",
        "timestamp": 1637097970
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>my sense has always been that unstable opts are subject to be removed at any time, but also trying to balance that with giving folks an opportunity to persuade me otherwise</p>",
        "id": 261709206,
        "sender_full_name": "Caleb Cartwright",
        "timestamp": 1637098029
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"320317\">@Caleb Cartwright</span> I haven't discussed it with the rest of the team yet but my idea was to ping the original author and say \"hey we want to get rid of this, please open an RFC if you want to keep it\"</p>",
        "id": 261709365,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1637098100
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and give maybe a week or two before actually deleting it</p>",
        "id": 261709388,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1637098115
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>my internet is really problematic this evening... I'll write the rustdoc update in the doc once my page has loaded...</p>",
        "id": 261710806,
        "sender_full_name": "GuillaumeGomez",
        "timestamp": 1637098845
    }
]