[
    {
        "content": "<p>Meeting in 15 minutes!</p>\n<p>Add stuff to the agenda here: <a href=\"https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Devtools-kickoff-meeting--AZiMpsO9D8paMrLSl8dQsqoSAg-CGijjZIVoybEvU4Co5Hms\">https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Devtools-kickoff-meeting--AZiMpsO9D8paMrLSl8dQsqoSAg-CGijjZIVoybEvU4Co5Hms</a></p>",
        "id": 268452856,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1642538688
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Alright, first up, team updates:</p>",
        "id": 268454519,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1642539566
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh also i think <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"117482\">@Pascal</span> has an update for after the team updates</p>",
        "id": 268454571,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1642539589
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yep, but that can wait until the end :)</p>",
        "id": 268454712,
        "sender_full_name": "Pascal",
        "timestamp": 1642539622
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway, for clippy: Mostly normal progress, but we're likely triggering a rust point release for the first time ever (yay? <span aria-label=\"upside down\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f643\" role=\"img\" title=\"upside down\">:upside_down:</span> ) , in <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-clippy/issues/8045\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-clippy/issues/8045</a></p>",
        "id": 268454768,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1642539635
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyone wanna go next?</p>",
        "id": 268454790,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1642539647
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i'll do rustfmt</p>\n<ul>\n<li>More minor bug fixes/refactoring</li>\n<li>Good progress made on a few new features/behaviors, including formatting asm! calls (<a href=\"https://github.com/rust-dev-tools/fmt-rfcs/issues/152\">https://github.com/rust-dev-tools/fmt-rfcs/issues/152</a>) and support for flexibility on line breaking/flattening between chain items</li>\n<li>1.58 release<br>\n    - minor bug slipped through related to formatting of generated files containing the <code>@generated</code> marker<br>\n    - <code>cargo fmt --check</code>  now available on all channels</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 268455060,
        "sender_full_name": "Caleb Cartwright",
        "timestamp": 1642539750
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>For cargo:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>1.59 has <code>strip</code> support and \"future incomaptible\" reporting for rustc backwards-incompatible changes</li>\n<li>1.60 will have new feature syntax </li>\n<li>Also looking at stabilizing <code>-Ztimings</code> and supporting toml-edit soon.</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 268455344,
        "sender_full_name": "Eric Huss",
        "timestamp": 1642539867
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>any additional details on the future incompatible compatibility one?</p>",
        "id": 268455493,
        "sender_full_name": "Caleb Cartwright",
        "timestamp": 1642539929
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>There's some documentation here: <a href=\"https://doc.rust-lang.org/nightly/cargo/reference/future-incompat-report.html\">https://doc.rust-lang.org/nightly/cargo/reference/future-incompat-report.html</a></p>",
        "id": 268455537,
        "sender_full_name": "Eric Huss",
        "timestamp": 1642539951
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Essentially, certain lints can be marked as \"this will break soon\", and cargo will report it, even if it is inside a dependency.</p>",
        "id": 268455626,
        "sender_full_name": "Eric Huss",
        "timestamp": 1642539974
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh, and this is the first feature under <code>cargo report</code>, right?</p>",
        "id": 268455792,
        "sender_full_name": "Pascal",
        "timestamp": 1642540053
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yea</p>",
        "id": 268455808,
        "sender_full_name": "Eric Huss",
        "timestamp": 1642540058
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>rustup and rustdoc? <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"223910\">@Daniel Silverstone</span> or <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"210316\">@GuillaumeGomez</span> / <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"315412\">@jsha</span> ?</p>",
        "id": 268455946,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1642540118
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I can post the rustdoc one from the doc</p>",
        "id": 268455980,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1642540132
    },
    {
        "content": "<div class=\"codehilite\"><pre><span></span><code>- rustdoc\n    - A lot of UI improvements made by jsha. We will very likely write a blog post to present them.\n    - Cleanup as usual and performance improvements as usual.\n</code></pre></div>",
        "id": 268455990,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1642540136
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i'm excited about the blog post</p>",
        "id": 268456019,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1642540147
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>daniel might not be around today, that's fine</p>",
        "id": 268456078,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1642540181
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"261224\">@triagebot</span> next-topic</p>",
        "id": 268456092,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1642540190
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Unknown command.</p>",
        "id": 268456094,
        "sender_full_name": "triagebot",
        "timestamp": 1642540191
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh well forgot the command, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"117482\">@Pascal</span> want to do your update?</p>",
        "id": 268456164,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1642540216
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah, sure! so as y'all might've notices i haven't really had much time for this team in the last year or so</p>",
        "id": 268456219,
        "sender_full_name": "Pascal",
        "timestamp": 1642540250
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so, with the new year, i'd like to step down</p>",
        "id": 268456246,
        "sender_full_name": "Pascal",
        "timestamp": 1642540266
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i'd like to make room for new people to join, and maybe also become lead</p>",
        "id": 268456289,
        "sender_full_name": "Pascal",
        "timestamp": 1642540296
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>sad to hear you'll be leaving!</p>",
        "id": 268456323,
        "sender_full_name": "Caleb Cartwright",
        "timestamp": 1642540320
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i trust <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"132040\">@Manish Goregaokar</span>  will continue to do a fantastic job leading the tools team :)</p>",
        "id": 268456362,
        "sender_full_name": "Pascal",
        "timestamp": 1642540325
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>to be clear, i'm not gonna leave the whole community, i'll still be around. just with a team association that matches my activity :)</p>",
        "id": 268456411,
        "sender_full_name": "Pascal",
        "timestamp": 1642540371
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Thanks for all you've done!</p>",
        "id": 268456447,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1642540391
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>thank you for having me! it's been a blast!</p>",
        "id": 268456474,
        "sender_full_name": "Pascal",
        "timestamp": 1642540409
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i was going to say i'd enjoyed a great number of your blog posts so glad you'll still be around <span aria-label=\"grinning\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f600\" role=\"img\" title=\"grinning\">:grinning:</span></p>",
        "id": 268456510,
        "sender_full_name": "Caleb Cartwright",
        "timestamp": 1642540426
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>thanks! there's more coming for sure, maybe even about tools again!</p>",
        "id": 268456620,
        "sender_full_name": "Pascal",
        "timestamp": 1642540479
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i forgot to mention earlier but i have a few quick AOB type questions whenever we get to the end</p>",
        "id": 268456689,
        "sender_full_name": "Caleb Cartwright",
        "timestamp": 1642540523
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>then i declare my farewell to be settled, and let's get back to the regular program ;)</p>",
        "id": 268456798,
        "sender_full_name": "Pascal",
        "timestamp": 1642540568
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i had a few items on the agenda if you're ready?</p>",
        "id": 268457063,
        "sender_full_name": "Eric Huss",
        "timestamp": 1642540707
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"120518\">@Eric Huss</span> go ahead</p>",
        "id": 268457128,
        "sender_full_name": "Pascal",
        "timestamp": 1642540740
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I just wanted to remind t-devtools members to check their boxes at <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/pull/1615\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/pull/1615</a>, or register a concern otherwise.</p>",
        "id": 268457184,
        "sender_full_name": "Eric Huss",
        "timestamp": 1642540767
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I wanted to talk about the meaning of <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/labels/T-dev-tools\"><code>T-dev-tools</code></a> on the rust-lang/rust repository and what it means.</p>",
        "id": 268457315,
        "sender_full_name": "Eric Huss",
        "timestamp": 1642540809
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>A lot (most? all?) of these seem unrelated to T-dev-tools, or are covered by T-rustdoc.</p>",
        "id": 268457400,
        "sender_full_name": "Eric Huss",
        "timestamp": 1642540851
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So I was wondering what it is intended for?</p>",
        "id": 268457429,
        "sender_full_name": "Eric Huss",
        "timestamp": 1642540861
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i hope the lack of responses means that i'm the only one that has no idea</p>",
        "id": 268457716,
        "sender_full_name": "Caleb Cartwright",
        "timestamp": 1642541003
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"120518\">@Eric Huss</span> i think people kinda use it randomly</p>",
        "id": 268457827,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1642541050
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>in general the T- tags mean \"needs approval from this team\"</p>",
        "id": 268457843,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1642541059
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but the devtools team is more of a loose federation than a coherent team, with the goal being supporting each other and working together but we don't really ... approve stuff often</p>",
        "id": 268457893,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1642541093
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>being random means it doesn't really have much meaning.</p>\n<p>Would anyone object if I at least remove it from the rustdoc issues?</p>",
        "id": 268457909,
        "sender_full_name": "Eric Huss",
        "timestamp": 1642541102
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but other teams can and should get their own T- tags</p>",
        "id": 268457924,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1642541105
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah go for it</p>",
        "id": 268457927,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1642541108
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I can then review the rest and see what makes sense.</p>",
        "id": 268457966,
        "sender_full_name": "Eric Huss",
        "timestamp": 1642541125
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>There are some for projects that there aren't any active members for.</p>",
        "id": 268457985,
        "sender_full_name": "Eric Huss",
        "timestamp": 1642541136
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i think the primary use case is \"we want more feedback from wider rust devtools folks\"</p>",
        "id": 268458023,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1642541157
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>valid use case, i mean</p>",
        "id": 268458078,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1642541171
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>e.g. if a small team like rustfmt wants to make a big change it kinda makes sense to have a larger approver set</p>",
        "id": 268458104,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1642541186
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Makes sense.</p>",
        "id": 268458132,
        "sender_full_name": "Eric Huss",
        "timestamp": 1642541206
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>OK, moving on.  I wanted to ask about the status of the issues at <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-dev-tools/dev-tools-team/issues\">https://github.com/rust-dev-tools/dev-tools-team/issues</a>?</p>",
        "id": 268458137,
        "sender_full_name": "Eric Huss",
        "timestamp": 1642541210
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Would it make sense to close most of these since they are no longer active or valid?</p>",
        "id": 268458163,
        "sender_full_name": "Eric Huss",
        "timestamp": 1642541227
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"132040\">Manish Goregaokar</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting/near/268458104\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>e.g. if a small team like rustfmt wants to make a big change it kinda makes sense to have a larger approver set</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>how often do those types of discussions/decisions (for dev tools) happen in the r-l/rust repo though? for example i'd just reach out to you all directly with something vs. opening an issue/PR in the main repo to discuss there</p>",
        "id": 268458232,
        "sender_full_name": "Caleb Cartwright",
        "timestamp": 1642541266
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yea, I don't see them happening on rust-lang/rust much.</p>",
        "id": 268458343,
        "sender_full_name": "Eric Huss",
        "timestamp": 1642541316
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Perhaps we should also discuss if this is a good time for this meeting, since few show up and those that do aren't talking?</p>",
        "id": 268458857,
        "sender_full_name": "Eric Huss",
        "timestamp": 1642541583
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm mostly reading along, since I don't really have much to add usually.</p>\n<p>But this meeting is at 10 pm for me, so not really the best time.</p>",
        "id": 268458997,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1642541656
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"120518\">Eric Huss</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting/near/268458857\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Perhaps we should also discuss if this is a good time for this meeting, since few show up and those that do aren't talking?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>maybe this question should be teed up again since many weren't able to attend today? fwiw the time works well for me but i've some flexibility on Tuesdays, especially since i find these meetings very valuable</p>",
        "id": 268459438,
        "sender_full_name": "Caleb Cartwright",
        "timestamp": 1642541899
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yea.  We can also just discuss it async on Zulip or elsewhere.</p>",
        "id": 268459545,
        "sender_full_name": "Eric Huss",
        "timestamp": 1642541956
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"120518\">Eric Huss</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting/near/268458163\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Would it make sense to close most of these since they are no longer active or valid?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-dev-tools/dev-tools-team/issues/36\">https://github.com/rust-dev-tools/dev-tools-team/issues/36</a> can _certainly_ be closed</p>",
        "id": 268459769,
        "sender_full_name": "Caleb Cartwright",
        "timestamp": 1642542078
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>actually any/all rustfmt issues there</p>",
        "id": 268459904,
        "sender_full_name": "Caleb Cartwright",
        "timestamp": 1642542139
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i was actually unsure if that was a place you all were really still using, if it made sense to share/ask things there to get it front of everyone</p>",
        "id": 268459996,
        "sender_full_name": "Caleb Cartwright",
        "timestamp": 1642542199
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah picking a different time/changing the frequency works</p>",
        "id": 268460417,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1642542417
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>could also make it async, but i think a large benefit of this being sync is that sometimes interesting discussions spawn</p>",
        "id": 268460482,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1642542455
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but we can have those async too</p>",
        "id": 268460487,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1642542458
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>perhaps a biweekly or monthly @-ping in chat where we ask everyone to drop updates</p>",
        "id": 268460537,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1642542479
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe zulip will make that easier too since the topics/threads will always be grouped vs. discord where they'd likely end up intermingled with other discussion/requests/questions</p>",
        "id": 268460718,
        "sender_full_name": "Caleb Cartwright",
        "timestamp": 1642542588
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"120518\">@Eric Huss</span> where is the RFC for \"1.60 will have new feature syntax \"?  Want to double check how that impacts various tools like <code>cargo-edit</code>.</p>",
        "id": 268461055,
        "sender_full_name": "Ed Page",
        "timestamp": 1642542754
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://rust-lang.github.io/rfcs/3143-cargo-weak-namespaced-features.html\">https://rust-lang.github.io/rfcs/3143-cargo-weak-namespaced-features.html</a></p>",
        "id": 268461113,
        "sender_full_name": "Eric Huss",
        "timestamp": 1642542791
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>realize the dev tools repo issue topic is still out there, but i saw RLS in the aob list in dropbox so wanted to note there's some updates that are prob. worth sharing</p>",
        "id": 268461346,
        "sender_full_name": "Caleb Cartwright",
        "timestamp": 1642542914
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I just wanted to see if you or Xanewok are still interested in maintaining it?  If not, then we need to think about discontinuing it sooner than later.  Since it was broken for a long time, and it disrupts beta.</p>",
        "id": 268461596,
        "sender_full_name": "Eric Huss",
        "timestamp": 1642543067
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"264664\">@flip1995</span>  want to speak to the resolution since you basically did all the work on it?</p>",
        "id": 268461719,
        "sender_full_name": "Caleb Cartwright",
        "timestamp": 1642543121
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(or making it a subtree)</p>",
        "id": 268461726,
        "sender_full_name": "Eric Huss",
        "timestamp": 1642543125
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, it took some weeks to resolve this, because Xanewok took some PTO and noone else was around to replace them</p>",
        "id": 268461807,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1642543162
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Especially it depended on Racer (and rustc-ap crates) updates it took even longer</p>",
        "id": 268461847,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1642543197
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So discontinuing RLS sounds reasonable (ratehr sooner than later)</p>",
        "id": 268461959,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1642543220
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the good (great?) news though is that the AP crates are out of the dep tree entirely <span aria-label=\"heart\" class=\"emoji emoji-2764\" role=\"img\" title=\"heart\">:heart:</span></p>",
        "id": 268461962,
        "sender_full_name": "Caleb Cartwright",
        "timestamp": 1642543221
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yes AP crates aren't needed anymore</p>",
        "id": 268462011,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1642543235
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so that's good</p>",
        "id": 268462026,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1642543243
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yea, that should help a lot.</p>",
        "id": 268462036,
        "sender_full_name": "Eric Huss",
        "timestamp": 1642543249
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We could make a rust (interrnals?) blogpost asking for feedback on how many people still use RLS</p>",
        "id": 268462183,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1642543309
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>there was a thread somewhere about the RLS -&gt; RA transition, but apparently (disclaimer: my recall of the dialog) it's still held up on some administrative tasks and until that's done RLS is still supposed to be the \"official\" one?</p>",
        "id": 268462190,
        "sender_full_name": "Caleb Cartwright",
        "timestamp": 1642543311
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm reading this one the side, could someone tell me what AP stand for? <span aria-label=\"sweat smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f605\" role=\"img\" title=\"sweat smile\">:sweat_smile:</span></p>",
        "id": 268462194,
        "sender_full_name": "xFrednet",
        "timestamp": 1642543314
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"369415\">xFrednet</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting/near/268462194\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I'm reading this one the side, could someone tell me what AP stand for? <span aria-label=\"sweat smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f605\" role=\"img\" title=\"sweat smile\">:sweat_smile:</span></p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Auto publish</p>",
        "id": 268462255,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1642543326
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"369415\">xFrednet</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting/near/268462194\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I'm reading this one the side, could someone tell me what AP stand for? <span aria-label=\"sweat smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f605\" role=\"img\" title=\"sweat smile\">:sweat_smile:</span></p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>auto-publish, they are (or at least were) a weekly snapshot of the rustc internal mods published to <a href=\"http://crates.io\">crates.io</a> for consumption by out-of-tree tools</p>",
        "id": 268462322,
        "sender_full_name": "Caleb Cartwright",
        "timestamp": 1642543356
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ahh, those things. Thanks! <span aria-label=\"upside down\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f643\" role=\"img\" title=\"upside down\">:upside_down:</span></p>",
        "id": 268462376,
        "sender_full_name": "xFrednet",
        "timestamp": 1642543382
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"120518\">Eric Huss</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting/near/268461596\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I just wanted to see if you or Xanewok are still interested in maintaining it?  If not, then we need to think about discontinuing it sooner than later.  Since it was broken for a long time, and it disrupts beta.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>i'm around, so don't mind pitching in for the basic keeping-the-lights on stuff if that helps</p>",
        "id": 268462561,
        "sender_full_name": "Caleb Cartwright",
        "timestamp": 1642543459
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but i also think the subtree move would probably be ideal so that the breaking chagnes could just be addressed in-tree in real time</p>",
        "id": 268462641,
        "sender_full_name": "Caleb Cartwright",
        "timestamp": 1642543502
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah that would help. I basically just needed someone to merge the RLS/Racer PRs.</p>",
        "id": 268462671,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1642543514
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"320317\">Caleb Cartwright</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting/near/268462190\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>still held up on some administrative tasks and until that's done RLS is still supposed to be the \"official\" one?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Yea.  I'm of the opinion that there shouldn't be such a high barrier just to link to rust-analyzer from the website, whether it is official or not.</p>\n<p>I understand there are still people who prefer RLS, though I'm uncertain why.</p>",
        "id": 268462672,
        "sender_full_name": "Eric Huss",
        "timestamp": 1642543514
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Sounds good.  I'll keep an eye out, and if things are in a failing state for a while, I'll bring it back up.</p>",
        "id": 268462730,
        "sender_full_name": "Eric Huss",
        "timestamp": 1642543550
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"320317\">Caleb Cartwright</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting/near/268462641\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>but i also think the subtree move would probably be ideal so that the breaking chagnes could just be addressed in-tree in real time</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I think with RLS this won't resolve this 100%, since it still depends on Racer, which depends on <code>rustc-dev</code></p>",
        "id": 268462735,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1642543554
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"264664\">flip1995</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting/near/268462735\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"320317\">Caleb Cartwright</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting/near/268462641\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>but i also think the subtree move would probably be ideal so that the breaking chagnes could just be addressed in-tree in real time</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I think with RLS this won't resolve this 100%, since it still depends on Racer, which depends on <code>rustc-dev</code></p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>ahh you are correct, good point</p>",
        "id": 268462861,
        "sender_full_name": "Caleb Cartwright",
        "timestamp": 1642543617
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>although idr the last time racer broke due to an api change vs. the ap crates just having some e.g. feature that became incompatible on newer nightlies, but yes certainly could happen</p>",
        "id": 268462923,
        "sender_full_name": "Caleb Cartwright",
        "timestamp": 1642543654
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, Racer shouldn't break that often, since it mostly uses pretty \"stable\" rustc_* crates. </p>\n<p>The question is if we want to move RLS in the Rust repo, if the plan is to discontinue it anyway (at some point in the future)</p>",
        "id": 268463106,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1642543748
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"264664\">flip1995</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting/near/268463106\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Yeah, Racer shouldn't break that often, since it mostly uses pretty \"stable\" rustc_* crates. </p>\n<p>The question is if we want to move RLS in the Rust repo, if the plan is to discontinue it anyway (at some point in the future)</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>my read is that it's a question of when vs. if with RLS, and i'd fully expect that once RLS goes racer will be fully deprecated too</p>",
        "id": 268463224,
        "sender_full_name": "Caleb Cartwright",
        "timestamp": 1642543804
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so is the thinking that if RLS decom is somewhere on the horizon, that it might not even be worth the subtree conversion?</p>",
        "id": 268463313,
        "sender_full_name": "Caleb Cartwright",
        "timestamp": 1642543868
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yes that's what I would say. subtree sync is more complicated than submodule sync. So less people would be able to (quickly) do it, if something breaks.</p>",
        "id": 268463432,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1642543939
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yea, I probably wouldn't put in too much effort into that.  It doesn't break super often.</p>",
        "id": 268463472,
        "sender_full_name": "Eric Huss",
        "timestamp": 1642543974
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I would stay with submodule, if someone is around that can accept Rust update PRs in RLS</p>",
        "id": 268463510,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1642544009
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>makes sense</p>",
        "id": 268463511,
        "sender_full_name": "Caleb Cartwright",
        "timestamp": 1642544009
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think that's all about RLS <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"261224\">@triagebot</span> end-topic</p>",
        "id": 268463696,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1642544111
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Does anyone have something to add on the current topic?<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"working on it\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f6e0\" role=\"img\" title=\"working on it\">:working_on_it:</span> if you have something to say.<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"all good\" class=\"emoji emoji-2705\" role=\"img\" title=\"all good\">:all_good:</span> if not.</p>",
        "id": 268463697,
        "sender_full_name": "triagebot",
        "timestamp": 1642544112
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i've not really seen the bots in chat before but that's pretty nifty. is there any etiquette on topic transitions? have one minor final item</p>",
        "id": 268463890,
        "sender_full_name": "Caleb Cartwright",
        "timestamp": 1642544239
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>If no one presses on <span aria-label=\"working on it\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f6e0\" role=\"img\" title=\"working on it\">:working_on_it:</span>, you're good to go with the next topic usually</p>",
        "id": 268463928,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1642544270
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the last aob item i had was on a somewhat similar note as RLS, there was someone on  discord the other day trying to get a hold of someone that supported rust.vim <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust.vim/\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust.vim/</a> and seemed they were having trouble. kinda seems like many of the editor plugins are in similar support boats (mostly maintenance without a ton of maintainers)?</p>\n<p>i feel like there was a somewhat similar scenario recently with a different plugin (can't remember the specifics) so curious if anyone knew anything about the vim one</p>",
        "id": 268464074,
        "sender_full_name": "Caleb Cartwright",
        "timestamp": 1642544361
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hm seems like there are 2 maintainers, but they don't seem to really review PRs. </p>\n<p>(I think I use this plugin, but never had an issue with it, so <span aria-label=\"shrug\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f937\" role=\"img\" title=\"shrug\">:shrug:</span> )</p>",
        "id": 268464777,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1642544634
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah and i don't get the sense there's a ton of attention needed, just that the ides-and-editors channel under dev tools in discord gets a fair amount of questions and not uncommon for no one to be able to speak to those definitively</p>",
        "id": 268465082,
        "sender_full_name": "Caleb Cartwright",
        "timestamp": 1642544784
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i need to run, seems like meeting has run its course anyway <span aria-label=\"wave\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44b\" role=\"img\" title=\"wave\">:wave:</span></p>",
        "id": 268465823,
        "sender_full_name": "Caleb Cartwright",
        "timestamp": 1642545255
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"117482\">@Pascal</span> Oh I'm sad to see you leaving... :'(</p>",
        "id": 268470941,
        "sender_full_name": "GuillaumeGomez",
        "timestamp": 1642548164
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(sorry, I was sick so I couldn't attend...)</p>",
        "id": 268471841,
        "sender_full_name": "GuillaumeGomez",
        "timestamp": 1642548720
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"120518\">@Eric Huss</span> re the <code>T-dev-tools</code> label: I agree it should be removed from all the rustdoc issues. I've wondered about it in the past too.</p>",
        "id": 269204275,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1643080509
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Re RLS deprecation: I think there's an RFC that lays out the plan, including that (IIRC) r-a is supposed to become \"official\" before RLS is deprecated. I think it's not yet distributed by rustup?</p>",
        "id": 269204363,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1643080590
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Rust-analyzer is distributed on rustup  with the nightly toolchain.</p>",
        "id": 269224695,
        "sender_full_name": "bjorn3",
        "timestamp": 1643100321
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Thanks, I didn't realize that!</p>",
        "id": 269308268,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1643138048
    }
]