[
    {
        "content": "<p>Rfc 2966 ('Edition 2021 and beyond') was closed, but RFC 3007 (core::panic/std::panic)â€”which proposed to change things in edition 2021â€”was accepted. I assume there's still going to be a 2021 edition? Can we already add <code>--edition=2021</code> (unstably) to the compiler (see <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/79576\">PR 79576</a>), or should that wait for a new edition RFC? I'd like to start implementing the edition changes for rfc 3007, but that's blocked on edition 2021 being a thing.</p>",
        "id": 220163637,
        "sender_full_name": "Mara",
        "timestamp": 1608148143
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>cc <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span></p>",
        "id": 220163698,
        "sender_full_name": "Mara",
        "timestamp": 1608148188
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>No, there is no need to block any edition-related implementation work.</p>",
        "id": 220163798,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1608148236
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We are going to have an edition at some point (likely 2021 but not 100% yet) and the work is useful regardless</p>",
        "id": 220163841,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1608148268
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"310399\">@Mara</span> Please do go ahead and start working towards edition-gated things, and thank you for helping us not push things to the last minute. :)</p>",
        "id": 220164039,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1608148372
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Cool. Can someone approve <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/79576\">that PR</a> then? Or at least mention there that it doesn't need to wait for an RFC?</p>",
        "id": 220164342,
        "sender_full_name": "Mara",
        "timestamp": 1608148498
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I can review it later - probably tomorrow or this weekend. Feel free to assign me.</p>",
        "id": 220164455,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1608148557
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116122\">simulacrum</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/2021.20edition/near/220163841\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>We are going to have an edition at some point (likely 2021 but not 100% yet) and the work is useful regardless</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I still think the edition should come in 1.62 (2022-06-30) to maintain the exact release interval :)</p>",
        "id": 220166450,
        "sender_full_name": "cuviper",
        "timestamp": 1608149478
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>not that it really matters -- I just like that this would be a little quirky</p>",
        "id": 220166475,
        "sender_full_name": "cuviper",
        "timestamp": 1608149500
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we can retcon why 31 is significant somehow</p>",
        "id": 220166500,
        "sender_full_name": "cuviper",
        "timestamp": 1608149519
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"310399\">@Mara</span> definitely we should land that PR, and I would really like to get started on the 'project management' around the edition, so thanks for highlighting it</p>",
        "id": 220227060,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1608201114
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(not sure if you'd like to help with that :)</p>",
        "id": 220227127,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1608201138
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm also interested in helping facilitate planning and management of the 2021 edition with a particular eye toward helping the project gain a better understand the procedures around new editions. I'm happy to help <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"310399\">@Mara</span> if she wants to lead the effort.</p>",
        "id": 220227501,
        "sender_full_name": "rylev",
        "timestamp": 1608201405
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/2021.20edition/near/220227127\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>(not sure if you'd like to help with that :)</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Would love to. :)</p>",
        "id": 220229919,
        "sender_full_name": "Mara",
        "timestamp": 1608203022
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"310399\">@Mara</span> please let me know if youâ€™d like help ðŸ˜€ and if so how you want to coordinate.</p>",
        "id": 220239861,
        "sender_full_name": "rylev",
        "timestamp": 1608210118
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"224872\">@Ryan Levick</span> yeah i'll need to know a bit of context. :) i'm not sure what's already written down/decided here, or who has been working on these things. i only know the edition rfc that was closed, and some of the plans for the 2021 edition.</p>",
        "id": 220243760,
        "sender_full_name": "Mara",
        "timestamp": 1608212326
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm also missing the same context. Perhaps we can start a document that tracks any proposals that people have made for changes that would require an edition, just to get an overview?</p>",
        "id": 220243864,
        "sender_full_name": "rylev",
        "timestamp": 1608212382
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes. definitely. but i'm not sure if that already exists. but i suppose no one has done that yet.</p>",
        "id": 220244019,
        "sender_full_name": "Mara",
        "timestamp": 1608212455
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'll make an hackmd for that. maybe that can turn into the rfc later once it has a bit of structure and feels complete</p>",
        "id": 220244068,
        "sender_full_name": "Mara",
        "timestamp": 1608212491
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>today i'm crashing drones into the ground, but I'll have time for that tomorrow :)</p>",
        "id": 220244179,
        "sender_full_name": "Mara",
        "timestamp": 1608212536
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"310399\">Mara</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/2021.20edition/near/220244179\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>today i'm crashing drones into the ground, but I'll have time for that tomorrow :)</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>That sounds so cool <span aria-label=\"blush\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f60a\" role=\"img\" title=\"blush\">:blush:</span> Shall we quickly just make the hackmd now? I <em>might</em> have some spare minutes this evening to look into it</p>",
        "id": 220244267,
        "sender_full_name": "rylev",
        "timestamp": 1608212596
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>sure, one sec</p>",
        "id": 220244482,
        "sender_full_name": "Mara",
        "timestamp": 1608212732
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"224872\">@Ryan Levick</span> <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/3eG6OZWHRbSMxoRxzwNhGQ\">https://hackmd.io/3eG6OZWHRbSMxoRxzwNhGQ</a></p>",
        "id": 220244777,
        "sender_full_name": "Mara",
        "timestamp": 1608212890
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Awesome! Thanks. <span aria-label=\"tada\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f389\" role=\"img\" title=\"tada\">:tada:</span></p>",
        "id": 220244813,
        "sender_full_name": "rylev",
        "timestamp": 1608212910
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116122\">@simulacrum</span> I vaguely recall you asking around earlier in the year about teams' potential 2021 edition plans? Or am I remembering wrong?</p>",
        "id": 220352143,
        "sender_full_name": "Ashley Mannix",
        "timestamp": 1608284510
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We'll probably want to mention this at upcoming compiler and lang team meetings so that folks from those teams can brainstorm what features are blocked on a new edition so we can add them.</p>",
        "id": 220353242,
        "sender_full_name": "rylev",
        "timestamp": 1608285221
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yes, I think I might have, but not sure. Certainly would be useful to populate this document now.</p>",
        "id": 220363883,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1608292980
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It might be useful to have a separate zulip stream for this , <code>#edition-2021</code> or something. The changes fall under different teams, but it'd be nice to keep discussion of edition changes together.</p>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116122\">@simulacrum</span> I believe you can create new streams here? If so, and if you agree, can you create this?</p>",
        "id": 220394506,
        "sender_full_name": "Mara",
        "timestamp": 1608309179
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I can yes, in a half hour or so</p>",
        "id": 220394844,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1608309344
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a class=\"stream\" data-stream-id=\"268952\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/268952-edition\">#edition</a></p>",
        "id": 220397544,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1608310457
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Thanks!</p>",
        "id": 220404770,
        "sender_full_name": "Mara",
        "timestamp": 1608313469
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>I would really like to get started on the 'project management' around the edition</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> See <a class=\"stream\" data-stream-id=\"268952\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/268952-edition\">#edition</a> and the document linked there</p>",
        "id": 220404810,
        "sender_full_name": "Mara",
        "timestamp": 1608313498
    }
]