[
    {
        "content": "<p>Hey <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"1977\">@T-lang</span> design meeting starting now</p>\n<p><a href=\"https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Design-meeting-2020-05-13-Lang-Team-Procedures--Az6BYILUCDhrNgzM7Ga85KM8Ag-GwofnUe9i3lXsOHq4ZyG7\">Paper document</a></p>",
        "id": 197443336,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1589389224
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The meeting invite seems to have a hangouts attached to it...?</p>",
        "id": 197443861,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1589389423
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Removed.</p>",
        "id": 197444048,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1589389483
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I started working on a draft RFC for this</p>",
        "id": 198303296,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590054668
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I am wondering about something</p>",
        "id": 198303301,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590054673
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"239881\">@Josh Triplett</span> we had always talked about the idea of people having a \"short list\" of ideas that they may wish to pursue once the active projects are done</p>",
        "id": 198303308,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590054688
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think this is a fine idea, but I am thinking that it doesn't necessarily make sense for that to be a \"special status\" for a proposal</p>",
        "id": 198303326,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590054704
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i.e., it seems like we should keep those notes, but we should merge/close the proposal as we would any other proposal that is not getting activity -- simply because \"the future never comes\" ;)</p>",
        "id": 198303400,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590054736
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I'm curious if you envisioned some other active state -- e.g., making a zulip thread or something?</p>",
        "id": 198303416,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590054752
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://hackmd.io/StXzJPw7SriuM4COL_YfEw\">Draft rfc in this hackmd</a></p>",
        "id": 198305008,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590056026
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So, two separate notions:<br>\n1) For \"ideas\" (not in proposal form yet and without someone specifically championing them) he team should have a wishlist, which belongs somewhere like the repository's <code>README.md</code> rather than open issues.<br>\n2) In my opinion, proposals that someone has actually <em>proposed</em>, that the team is happy for someone to work on, and that someone's willing to be the liaison for, but for which all volunteered liaisons are fully occupied, should stay open so that they form a visible \"backlog\".</p>",
        "id": 198349900,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1590081691
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>/me thinks</p>",
        "id": 198356149,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590084740
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>heh so one way to do this would be to leave a comment every so often :)</p>",
        "id": 198356170,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590084757
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>\"still thinking of doing this!\"</p>",
        "id": 198356176,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590084760
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So I updated this <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/StXzJPw7SriuM4COL_YfEw?edit\">draft proposal</a> today btw and I think it's getting close to move forward</p>",
        "id": 198928846,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590602552
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The one major question I'm wondering about is whether to RFC project group creation</p>",
        "id": 198928861,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590602560
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm leaning towards \"no\"</p>",
        "id": 198928863,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590602562
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Though I think there is room for sometimes making a decision</p>",
        "id": 198928937,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590602596
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<ul>\n<li>If the MCP is a good fit, then a <strong>lang team liaison</strong> If the proposal is accepted, then a <strong>lang team liaison</strong> may opt to work with you.</li>\n</ul>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Something like:<br>\n If the MCP is a good fit, then a <strong>lang team liaison</strong> may opt to accept it and work with you. (DONE)</p>",
        "id": 198929865,
        "sender_full_name": "lcnr",
        "timestamp": 1590602959
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<ul>\n<li>\n<p>The proposed solutions disproportionate to the scale of the problem.</p>\n</li>\n<li>\n<p>For example, the solutions may be too invasive or they will likely be too much work to implement, and we can't really envision solutions that would </p>\n</li>\n</ul>\n</blockquote>\n<p>would _____</p>",
        "id": 198930429,
        "sender_full_name": "lcnr",
        "timestamp": 1590603193
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>OK I made some major edits</p>",
        "id": 198941984,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590608353
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>In particular, after some discussion and thought, I've adopted a workflow closer to the compiler team:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>create an issue with a gist, get a zulip stream</li>\n<li>if we want to accept the proposal, you charter a project group with a PR against lang-team repo, this PR is FCP'd and can close the issue when it is merged</li>\n</ul>\n<p>This solves the \"what is the formal decision point\" question (the FCP'd PR) and also preserves what I think is a more familiar workflow (open an issue to represent an unresolved question, resolve with a PR). I think the idea of auto-merging PRs was nifty, but had some real downsides in practice (I left notes in the RFC about those).</p>",
        "id": 198942306,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590608468
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm feeling good about the RFC now except that it doesn't include any diagram and I'd like one</p>",
        "id": 198942336,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590608485
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>At this point I think the RFC is <em>almost</em> ready to merge</p>",
        "id": 198942397,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590608519
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>One question I did hit: what is the \"procdure\" to decline a proposal?</p>",
        "id": 198942455,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590608532
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>In particular, I think fcp close doesn't make sense, given that we will also auto-close after enough time</p>",
        "id": 198942482,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590608544
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I settled on something like</p>",
        "id": 198942500,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590608554
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>Post an explanation and then have an FCP period (sort of like seconding in the compiler-team)</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 198942529,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590608568
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I do feel like if we're going to post rationale, we need to leave space for people to respond and for us to consider that feedback</p>",
        "id": 198942598,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590608599
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I also don't want to make it so that we're inclined not to post feedback because the procdural hassle is too much</p>",
        "id": 198942631,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590608618
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess I tend to think we should just post rationale and close but \"without prejudice\" in some sense</p>",
        "id": 198942724,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590608648
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>though we could also just post rationale and let the auto-closed handle it :)</p>",
        "id": 198942773,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590608669
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>In any case, I think I'm going to open the RFC soon</p>",
        "id": 198942906,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590608740
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm hoping that issues rarely get auto-closed.</p>",
        "id": 198943287,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1590608883
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design.20meeting.3A.20procedures/near/198942598\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I do feel like if we're going to post rationale, we need to leave space for people to respond and for us to consider that feedback</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>People can respond to a closed issue, and we can always reopen it. Closing doesn't prevent us from considering feedback, it just gets something off of our \"we need to do something about this\" queue.</p>",
        "id": 198943390,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1590608934
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(And, of course, someone can also post a new proposal.)</p>",
        "id": 198943459,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1590608952
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm hoping that the lighter-weight proposal process, and in particular that we only have to agree \"we're likely to accept a solution for this\" without having to agree on a specific solution, will make it easy for us to either accept or reject proposals.</p>",
        "id": 198943626,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1590609015
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We do need a path for \"accept in principle but nobody has time\", as well, and I'm hoping the github \"board\" and queues/labels help us with that.</p>",
        "id": 198943718,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1590609067
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>OK, I updated the text, although I do think leaving a comment and closing (without giving people a chance to respond) is a bad look.</p>",
        "id": 198945896,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590610080
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think it'd be fine though to leave the comment, wait a bit, then close in a day or two</p>",
        "id": 198945948,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590610088
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think leaving a comment and fcp-closing might be fine. Maybe even with a shorter time bound.</p>",
        "id": 198946140,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1590610187
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We can revisit, but I think it's overkill.</p>",
        "id": 198947286,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590610790
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We've seen that we suck at closing RFCs</p>",
        "id": 198947300,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590610798
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>OK, I think the hackmd is good now</p>",
        "id": 198947349,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590610803
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/pull/2936\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/pull/2936</a></p>",
        "id": 198950536,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590612209
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://hackmd.io/nyM1kD7fTV2OiNeVokU0OA\">Revised and simplified flowchart</a></p>",
        "id": 198954616,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590614229
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Added some links into the RFC for it</p>",
        "id": 198955513,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590614717
    }
]