[
    {
        "content": "<p>I notice we've frequently not had a topic for the design meeting. Libs team has just proposed to start scheduling a meeting every 2 weeks the hour after the design meeting; since these are in the evening, it would be ideal for me if I could plan that I will have only 1 out of every 2 wednesday evenings booked for Rust meetings. What would people think about planning lang team design meetings to be biweekly, on the same day as libs meetings?</p>",
        "id": 211775285,
        "sender_full_name": "boats",
        "timestamp": 1601478873
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It seems to be feast or famine. When we have topics, we often have 2-4 topics and we want to queue them up.</p>",
        "id": 211778488,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1601480060
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>And then the queue runs empty.</p>",
        "id": 211778546,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1601480097
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I can definitely appreciate the idea of trying to improve meeting scheduling though. Hmmm.</p>",
        "id": 211780361,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1601480830
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I will note that we had discussed at triage that maybe the current slot is not ideal as well)</p>",
        "id": 211780415,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1601480857
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but maybe that's just for <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"224471\">@Lokathor</span> -- not sure</p>",
        "id": 211780479,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1601480884
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>True, though in that case, someone mentioned that Monday was the <em>only</em> weekday they had.</p>",
        "id": 211780511,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1601480892
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(deleted)</p>",
        "id": 211780517,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1601480894
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I know I'm trying to move a biweekly conflict out of wednedsay right now</p>",
        "id": 211780610,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1601480941
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>A conflict with the design meeting?</p>",
        "id": 211780796,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1601481007
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah</p>",
        "id": 211780812,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1601481017
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So, I know we said before that we don't want to schedule the triage and design meetings on the same day, or at the very least not back to back.</p>",
        "id": 211780878,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1601481046
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Personally, I would actually love to have them on the same day, as long as they weren't back to back. But I can appreciate that that might not work for everyone.</p>",
        "id": 211780910,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1601481062
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>currently triage Monday works, but design Wednesday doesn't. I've got Sunday/Monday available</p>",
        "id": 211781027,
        "sender_full_name": "Lokathor",
        "timestamp": 1601481112
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I know that the current time slot was picked on the basis of people's schedules who aren't necessarily attending.</p>",
        "id": 211781104,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1601481126
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe Josh or someone else on lang team can prepare a new doodle? that might be a good way of trying to work out if there's a better time</p>",
        "id": 211781180,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1601481150
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but i catch the videos of meetings i miss, and I'm pretty active here on zulip too</p>",
        "id": 211781183,
        "sender_full_name": "Lokathor",
        "timestamp": 1601481153
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>That you are. <span aria-label=\"smiley\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f603\" role=\"img\" title=\"smiley\">:smiley:</span></p>",
        "id": 211781302,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1601481221
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I can certainly run a new Doodle. Would like to get a flavor for people's preferences first. As well as who actually wants to attend.</p>",
        "id": 211781449,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1601481276
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>My preference would be non-Wednesday/Thursday, but beyond that I'm generally flexible. I wouldn't mind a Monday slot -- having a \"lang meeting\" day would be nice in some sense. I think that's worked well for core's similar split fwiw</p>",
        "id": 211781725,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1601481386
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(core has design/triage meetings on wednesday right now)</p>",
        "id": 211781750,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1601481397
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"256759\">@boats</span> If lang were to reschedule its design meeting, would libs end up following suit? I would certainly like you (and others) to be able to consolidate meeting days.</p>",
        "id": 211781999,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1601481486
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I would love to do the same myself.</p>",
        "id": 211782075,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1601481513
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Do we have a topic for <em>today's</em> design meeting?</p>",
        "id": 211784154,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1601482270
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"239881\">@Josh Triplett</span> I think the slot libs is using was the only slot that was available for everyone. Personally I would really like if I could devote only 1.5 evenings a week to Rust meetings.</p>",
        "id": 211785113,
        "sender_full_name": "boats",
        "timestamp": 1601482721
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I am fine with scheduling every 2 weeks. I have also been thinking we need to change our method of scheduling.</p>",
        "id": 211785224,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1601482785
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Though I also like that with the lang triage meeting's current schedule, I my evening is free before 9pm. The current schedule is ideal for me except that I am more likely to skip a design meeting on the week libs doesn't have a meeting.</p>",
        "id": 211785237,
        "sender_full_name": "boats",
        "timestamp": 1601482791
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The compiler team has a dedicated scheduling slot every 4 weeks</p>",
        "id": 211785240,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1601482792
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>where we schedule the next 3 weeks</p>",
        "id": 211785245,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1601482796
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I've found this... quite useful :)</p>",
        "id": 211785252,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1601482800
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I was hoping to pull it off more ad-hoc for lang but it doesn't seem to work</p>",
        "id": 211785302,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1601482809
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>this is somewhat independent from changing the time/schedule</p>",
        "id": 211785318,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1601482818
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"256759\">boats</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/design.20meeting.20every.202.20weeks/near/211785113\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"239881\">Josh Triplett</span> I think the slot libs is using was the only slot that was available for everyone. Personally I would really like if I could devote only 1.5 evenings a week to Rust meetings.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>well to be fair this is based on me limiting my availability tuesday/thursday evenings based on the current lang schedule, so we could do a doodle and if there's a better time i could revisit the libs doodle and propose a new time also</p>",
        "id": 211785411,
        "sender_full_name": "boats",
        "timestamp": 1601482878
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm about to find out in the next week or so what the constraints on my schedule will be for the next six months. Any objections to us holding off on rescheduling until then?</p>",
        "id": 211786186,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1601483258
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Until then, I have no objection to going biweekly in the current slot.</p>",
        "id": 211786216,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1601483277
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Also:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Do we have a topic for <em>today's</em> design meeting?</p>\n</blockquote>",
        "id": 211786315,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1601483309
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"239881\">@Josh Triplett</span> backlog bonanza, see <a class=\"stream-topic\" data-stream-id=\"213817\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/design.20meeting.202020-09-30\">#t-lang &gt; design meeting 2020-09-30</a></p>",
        "id": 211786440,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1601483365
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I had also been wondering if there was a better way we could try coordinate all the new Libs meetings. We also have project group ones happening on alternating weeks. If a better time comes up Iâ€™d be all for it!</p>",
        "id": 212147840,
        "sender_full_name": "Ashley Mannix",
        "timestamp": 1601690977
    }
]