[
    {
        "content": "<p>Hey <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"1977\">@T-lang</span> -- design meeting now, see the <a href=\"https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Rust-2021-Edition-Planning--AycUW1SvPZc7UqHW8bJnuoGYAg-MpuBJRy026HbUUWmFMtai\" title=\"https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Rust-2021-Edition-Planning--AycUW1SvPZc7UqHW8bJnuoGYAg-MpuBJRy026HbUUWmFMtai\">associated dropbox paper doc</a></p>",
        "id": 194696269,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1587398433
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hey <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"1977\">@T-lang</span> -- so I thought that was a really useful meeting -- sufficiently useful that I'm wondering if we should try to continue next week, instead of the planned meeting? (which was about type aliases). The planned meeting might indeed be something we discuss in broad strokes.</p>",
        "id": 194830005,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1587487564
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'd also be curious to go back over the notes today -- or perhaps someone else wants to -- and try to summarize some of the key things we identified thus far.</p>",
        "id": 194830067,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1587487591
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Interestingly, after we talked about the idea of moving the edition lints to warning, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116011\">@Steve Klabnik</span> independently mentioned the idea</p>",
        "id": 194830180,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1587487650
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>By the way, huge thanks to <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"220273\">@Jane Lusby</span> (<a href=\"https://twitter.com/yaahc_\" title=\"https://twitter.com/yaahc_\">https://twitter.com/yaahc_</a>) for the summary thread of that meeting. I wish all our meetings had summaries like that. :)</p>",
        "id": 194832342,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1587488616
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>My pleasure <span aria-label=\"blush\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f60a\" role=\"img\" title=\"blush\">:blush:</span></p>",
        "id": 194832703,
        "sender_full_name": "Jane Lusby",
        "timestamp": 1587488772
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm glad to see that our videos help people.</p>",
        "id": 194832743,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1587488796
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Thread in question <a href=\"https://twitter.com/yaahc_/status/1252383848828030982?s=19\" title=\"https://twitter.com/yaahc_/status/1252383848828030982?s=19\">https://twitter.com/yaahc_/status/1252383848828030982?s=19</a></p>\n<div class=\"inline-preview-twitter\"><div class=\"twitter-tweet\"><a href=\"https://twitter.com/yaahc_/status/1252383848828030982?s=19\"><img class=\"twitter-avatar\" src=\"https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1180899084128776193/UiMI1Jns_normal.jpg\"></a><p>I watched the 2021 edition design meeting today and thought I might do a \"short\" summary of the points I found interesting\n\nFeel free to ask for elaboration on any of the sections below, I'm trying to keep it brief (and failing a little <span aria-label=\"grimacing\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f62c\" role=\"img\" title=\"grimacing\">:grimacing:</span>)\n\nSo yea, THREAD <span aria-label=\"point down\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f447\" role=\"img\" title=\"point down\">:point_down:</span></p><span>- Yaah ðŸ¦€ â˜• (@yaahc_)</span></div></div>",
        "id": 194832753,
        "sender_full_name": "Jane Lusby",
        "timestamp": 1587488802
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It's very informal</p>",
        "id": 194832767,
        "sender_full_name": "Jane Lusby",
        "timestamp": 1587488810
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I wouldn't mind doing similar things in the future</p>",
        "id": 194832817,
        "sender_full_name": "Jane Lusby",
        "timestamp": 1587488827
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>You certainly don't have to commit to doing so, but I would enjoy future such threads. Both because they show how things come across, and because they help convey understanding to a much broader set of people than those who watch the whole videos.</p>",
        "id": 194832961,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1587488895
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Oh wait</p>",
        "id": 194837147,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1587490826
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I hadn't seen that thread</p>",
        "id": 194837150,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1587490828
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"220273\">@Jane Lusby</span> can that maybe be converted to a kind of PR to the <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/lang-team/tree/master/design-meeting-minutes\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/lang-team/tree/master/design-meeting-minutes\">design-meeting-minutes</a> directory of the lang-team repository, by any chance?</p>",
        "id": 194837241,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1587490872
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I was debating about doing that :)</p>",
        "id": 194837255,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1587490883
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Sure</p>",
        "id": 194838141,
        "sender_full_name": "Jane Lusby",
        "timestamp": 1587491286
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the existing style seems to be much closer to a transcript than my thread</p>",
        "id": 194842833,
        "sender_full_name": "Jane Lusby",
        "timestamp": 1587493553
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh actually they're all different</p>",
        "id": 194842910,
        "sender_full_name": "Jane Lusby",
        "timestamp": 1587493574
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yolo, gonna basically just post what I wrote for the twitter thread and we can tweek it in the PR based on comments</p>",
        "id": 194842950,
        "sender_full_name": "Jane Lusby",
        "timestamp": 1587493595
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/lang-team/pull/13\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/lang-team/pull/13\">https://github.com/rust-lang/lang-team/pull/13</a></p>",
        "id": 194843891,
        "sender_full_name": "Jane Lusby",
        "timestamp": 1587493980
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It might be good to elevate <code>indirect_structural_match</code> (<a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/62411\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/62411\">#62411</a>) to an error-by-default lint in edition 2021. I think we can get  some version of <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/67343\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/67343\">#67343</a> into acceptable shape in time.</p>",
        "id": 194881975,
        "sender_full_name": "Dylan MacKenzie (ecstatic-morse)",
        "timestamp": 1587521598
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>You probably want to be discussing bigger changes  at this early stage though, and this is not one.</p>",
        "id": 194882102,
        "sender_full_name": "Dylan MacKenzie (ecstatic-morse)",
        "timestamp": 1587521708
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>That seems reasonable though. Please feel free to tag it for consideration for the edition.</p>",
        "id": 194884501,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1587525190
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it's tagged on GH at least</p>",
        "id": 194886761,
        "sender_full_name": "Dylan MacKenzie (ecstatic-morse)",
        "timestamp": 1587528920
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Oh, I didn't see that. The mobile version of GitHub didn't show that.</p>",
        "id": 194886826,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1587528963
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>*now</p>",
        "id": 194886840,
        "sender_full_name": "Dylan MacKenzie (ecstatic-morse)",
        "timestamp": 1587528975
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ah.</p>",
        "id": 194886843,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1587528981
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Thanks!</p>",
        "id": 194886848,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1587528987
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>My bad.</p>",
        "id": 194886849,
        "sender_full_name": "Dylan MacKenzie (ecstatic-morse)",
        "timestamp": 1587528988
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"118594\">ecstatic-morse</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design.20meeting.3A.20Edition.20and.20planning/near/194881975\" title=\"#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design.20meeting.3A.20Edition.20and.20planning/near/194881975\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>It might be good to elevate <code>indirect_structural_match</code> (<a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/62411\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/62411\">#62411</a>) to an error-by-default lint in edition 2021. I think we can get  some version of <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/67343\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/67343\">#67343</a> into acceptable shape in time.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>we probably don't want to discuss in <em>too much</em> detail, but I think getting a handle on these sorts of \"small changes\" is a good idea</p>",
        "id": 194930712,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1587562477
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So we didn't get to it -- I thiink we should repurpose the upcoming meeting to continue our edition discussions -- <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"239881\">@Josh Triplett</span> do you agree? want to update the invitation and maybe send an e-mail?</p>",
        "id": 195000663,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1587595786
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Tomorrow's meeting, or next week's design meeting (replacing type aliases)?</p>",
        "id": 195000753,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1587595835
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>If folks are prepared for Monday's meeting I would prefer to keep that one, to avoid churn, but if that meeting wouldn't end up happening anyway because people need more time, then by all means let's repurpose it.</p>",
        "id": 195000925,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1587595968
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I meant the Monday meeting</p>",
        "id": 195001408,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1587596343
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't know if anyone did any prep or not, it was me and <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"119009\">@eddyb</span> who would potentially have done it, I haven't had any time though.</p>",
        "id": 195001431,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1587596369
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Then I think it's yours and @eddyb's call, if you'd like more prep time or if you feel like you could drive that discussion on Monday.</p>",
        "id": 195002161,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1587596866
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I can update the invites easily enough.</p>",
        "id": 195002208,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1587596888
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>meeting, what meeting?</p>",
        "id": 195381012,
        "sender_full_name": "eddyb",
        "timestamp": 1587972384
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>also what about me?</p>",
        "id": 195381037,
        "sender_full_name": "eddyb",
        "timestamp": 1587972406
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Today there is a meeting and the <em>scheduled</em> topic was discussing type aliases</p>",
        "id": 195428601,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1587999136
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>But I was proposing that we might use the opportunity to do more top-down planning</p>",
        "id": 195429199,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1587999408
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm going to do a bit of review now to prepare in any case</p>",
        "id": 195429210,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1587999414
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Not sure what the best place to bring this up is: but <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"133169\">@matklad</span> wrote a section on lang changes they'd like to see over an edition boundary to improve IDE performance: <a href=\"https://rust-analyzer.github.io/blog/2020/05/18/next-few-years.html#language-design-for-locality\">https://rust-analyzer.github.io/blog/2020/05/18/next-few-years.html#language-design-for-locality</a></p>",
        "id": 197940570,
        "sender_full_name": "Yoshua Wuyts",
        "timestamp": 1589811323
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>This seems like it could be relevant to edition planning (:</p>",
        "id": 197940662,
        "sender_full_name": "Yoshua Wuyts",
        "timestamp": 1589811365
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>All of those changes seem reasonable to me, and I'd love to see them. That said, we would need to know how widely they're used.</p>",
        "id": 197963830,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1589820893
    }
]