[
    {
        "content": "<p>So I have to check on the RFC status -- but I'd like to talk about what it takes to \"complete\" this work. I guess I can start the move to merge soon, but one thing I thought might be usefulis to create some \"sample\" project proposals, to try and see if we can show how much length or depth we expect. We have a template now, so maybe people want to make some?</p>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"239881\">@Josh Triplett</span> I think you had some ideas for a few sample projects.</p>\n<p>I was also thinking that maybe we can leverage the <code>help-wanted</code> issue label here, i.e., to represent the \"wishlists\" we've been talking about. The idea would be that a \"help-wanted\" proposal is one where we are looking for someone who wants to pick up the idea and run with it.</p>",
        "id": 200597198,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591905285
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm going to create a sample help-wanted proposal based on my <code>Function</code> trait idea</p>",
        "id": 200597228,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591905301
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I suspect it it longe than what we would really <em>need</em></p>",
        "id": 200597456,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591905392
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116122\">@simulacrum</span> <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/lang-team/issues/23#issuecomment-642897547\">uh oh</a></p>",
        "id": 200597728,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591905512
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>also, did I need to make <code>#t-lang/meetings</code> and <code>#t-lang/major changes</code> streams?</p>",
        "id": 200597765,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591905531
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>there's not a triagebot.toml in the root indeed</p>",
        "id": 200598064,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1591905674
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>streams would be good. I can push the toml once that's done (meetings is irrelevant to this I guess)</p>",
        "id": 200598208,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1591905724
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>true, though if we're going to have zulip discussion of meeting proposals, it'd be good to have a stream, but let's not worry about that</p>",
        "id": 200607531,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591910246
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a class=\"stream\" data-stream-id=\"243200\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/243200-t-lang.2Fmajor-changes\">#t-lang/major changes</a> created, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116122\">@simulacrum</span></p>",
        "id": 200607541,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591910251
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Okay will add a toml file soon</p>",
        "id": 200607568,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1591910271
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> I did, yes; I'm planning to transform my C Parity wishlist into a set of proposals.</p>",
        "id": 200611915,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1591912490
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>OK, I'm going to keep converting stuff from the existing doc into issues</p>",
        "id": 200612078,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591912574
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"120076\">@BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)</span> take a look at <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/lang-team/issues/19\">https://github.com/rust-lang/lang-team/issues/19</a>, I'm trying to use it as a place to put regular summaries from meetings and things, which we can review during the lang team meetings</p>",
        "id": 200612678,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591912861
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm debating what to do about these topics:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>dyn Trait stuff</li>\n<li>grammar</li>\n<li>never type</li>\n<li><code>#[instruction_set]</code> attribute for per-function instruction set changes</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 200612834,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591912934
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>all of which seem somewhat stalled</p>",
        "id": 200612841,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591912938
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>should I make 'project group' entries for them, even if it's kind of a lie? (Also, at least for the dyn trait stuff etc, should we be prioritizing that work more than we are...)</p>",
        "id": 200612862,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591912960
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess in that case maybe I'll just add the rust-lang/rust issue to the project board</p>",
        "id": 200612912,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591912983
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I am personally strongly opposed to project group labeling non-project group things)</p>",
        "id": 200612930,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1591912994
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>As I commented on the various RFCs I really don't think grandfathering things into new terminology is helpful here</p>",
        "id": 200612952,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1591913011
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hmmm... I can see the value of tracking-issues for lang team efforts w/out an associated project group, but for project groups, I think it might make more sense for the history to be part of the project-group repo, and the lang-team issue can just link to that. We've already got some of it; it shouldn't be too hard to put it in a single document.</p>",
        "id": 200615145,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1591914392
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Also, I notice that the lang-team repo uses GitHub pages. Do you think there would be value in publishing the info about the \"active lang team efforts\" there? That would require using a different mechanism from GitHub Issues, I suppose.</p>",
        "id": 200615469,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1591914597
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><em>Just</em> speaking to <code>#[instruction_set]</code>: </p>\n<ul>\n<li>There were changes requested, and then changes were applied</li>\n<li>Then one T-lang member said they'd <em>try to</em> review the updates, and one T-lang member said they <em>did</em> review the updates and that all the requested changes seem to be addressed (and that the RFC might be ready for FCP).</li>\n<li>So actually it's not stalled at all.</li>\n</ul>\n<p>However, if a person <em>just</em> goes by the labels on the PR, there's no label to indicate any of this. The only way to know the current PR status is to carefully read the tail end of the comment thread.</p>\n<p>On the other hand, the <code>winapi</code> crate has labels set up for \"waiting on author\" and \"waiting on review\", so it's easy to see with just a glance what the high level state of a PR is. The new \"proposals\" system should probably adopt some sort of similar system.</p>",
        "id": 200640139,
        "sender_full_name": "Lokathor",
        "timestamp": 1591945921
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"120076\">BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/finalizing.20the.20project.20transition/near/200615145\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Hmmm... I can see the value of tracking-issues for lang team efforts w/out an associated project group, but for project groups, I think it might make more sense for the history to be part of the project-group repo, and the lang-team issue can just link to that. We've already got some of it; it shouldn't be too hard to put it in a single document.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Yeah I was wondering about that. I think there's value in having tracking issues potentially (just to have cards and to integrate with our workflow), but I'm not sure if leaving <em>comments</em> on them is good, versus redirecting to some other place. That said, it may be that we use the <em>project board</em> as the central collection point, and the issues could live somewhere else.</p>\n<p>However, I've observed that in practice we are not doing a very good job with the \"preparing summaries to help keep the lang-team updated\" thing. This seems to happen more \"on the fly\", either during the meeting or just before. This was the motivation for using comments, since it's lightweight and we can literally type in some notes on the comments.</p>\n<p>Originally I imagined that we would prepare update that would get included in a weekly blog post or something like that but the overhead of doing that is too high, and quite frankly many groups don't have weekly updates worth reporting.</p>",
        "id": 200674381,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591970832
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>This makes me wonder if a better approach would be to have a regular check-in every so often, but we try that for the compiler team and it's also not worked <em>that</em> great.</p>",
        "id": 200674424,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591970854
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Similarly, regarding what to put on <a href=\"https://lang-team.rust-lang.org\">https://lang-team.rust-lang.org</a>, something else I've noticed from the compiler team is that whereas I started with lots of stuff on <a href=\"https://rust-lang.github.io/compiler-team\">https://rust-lang.github.io/compiler-team</a>, we've been moving towards putting that stuff on <a href=\"https://forge.rust-lang.org/compiler/index.html\">https://forge.rust-lang.org/compiler/index.html</a></p>",
        "id": 200674807,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591971037
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so I found myself wondering what makes sense to put on the lang-team website vs forge</p>",
        "id": 200674837,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591971050
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think forge is good for \"policies and procedures\" to some extent</p>",
        "id": 200674857,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591971063
    }
]