[
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> and I just sketched out a policy draft and a graph of the workflow for handling language proposals:<br>\n<a href=\"https://hackmd.io/vtE1YgufTU-q_u-NOXqW8A?both\" title=\"https://hackmd.io/vtE1YgufTU-q_u-NOXqW8A?both\">https://hackmd.io/vtE1YgufTU-q_u-NOXqW8A?both</a></p>",
        "id": 195909741,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1588285359
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The idea would be to get the language team more in a mode where we just review ideas and charter project groups to delegate the writing of RFCs to, and then review the output of those project groups when ready.</p>",
        "id": 195909806,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1588285410
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Thoughts and feedback welcome.</p>",
        "id": 195909940,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1588285499
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think it could be improved with clarification for what's \"small\" and what's \"big enough for an RFC\". Maybe pick some previous RFCs that lang oversaw that you can deem, in retrospect, to actually be \"useful, but sub-RFC complexity\"</p>",
        "id": 195925548,
        "sender_full_name": "Lokathor",
        "timestamp": 1588299709
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Mmm, \"Idea\" in the graph means \"unbaked proposal\" right? Sometimes i personally want to raise some pain points without knowing what the first proposal towards solving it would look like...</p>",
        "id": 195929234,
        "sender_full_name": "Charles Lew",
        "timestamp": 1588304697
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>That's very much the goal of the side loop for iteration: internals, zulip, etc.</p>",
        "id": 195938787,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1588319132
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116458\">Charles Lew</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Lang.20team.20proposals.2C.20project.20groups.2C.20and.20active.2Fbacklog/near/195929234\" title=\"#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Lang.20team.20proposals.2C.20project.20groups.2C.20and.20active.2Fbacklog/near/195929234\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Mmm, \"Idea\" in the graph means \"unbaked proposal\" right? Sometimes i personally want to raise some pain points without knowing what the first proposal towards solving it would look like...</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I think it's a good question, actually -- I'm not sure <em>how</em> far along an idea has to be, but I definitely want to move us closer to the \"unbaked\" side than RFCs tend to be today.</p>",
        "id": 195943641,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1588324655
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think it would be great to call out if e.g. this process would mean that we close issues on rust-lang/rust that need lang team approval, asking people to follow this process. We currently do that in some cases (e.g. lint requests, major feature proposals) but not very consistently, in part because the RFC process is (too) heavy weight</p>",
        "id": 195981371,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1588351829
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I would personally love to say that we do, and that people should use internals/zulip for \"I have some idea I'd like to iterate on\" rather than an issue on rust-lang/rust. But getting \"official\" sanction of that would be great, beyond the ad-hoc \"Mark thinks so and is somewhat happy to go close people's issues\"</p>",
        "id": 195981476,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1588351892
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116122\">simulacrum</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Lang.20team.20proposals.2C.20project.20groups.2C.20and.20active.2Fbacklog/near/195981371\" title=\"#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Lang.20team.20proposals.2C.20project.20groups.2C.20and.20active.2Fbacklog/near/195981371\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I think it would be great to call out if e.g. this process would mean that we close issues on rust-lang/rust that need lang team approval, asking people to follow this process. We currently do that in some cases (e.g. lint requests, major feature proposals) but not very consistently, in part because the RFC process is (too) heavy weight</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>yes</p>",
        "id": 196008615,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1588366363
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I will start extending the doc I think a bit there</p>",
        "id": 196008632,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1588366375
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(just did)</p>",
        "id": 196009783,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1588367008
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>cc <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"226095\">@Dirkjan Ochtman</span> but also <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"2317\">@WG-governance</span></p>",
        "id": 196011762,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1588368209
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>For context for y'all, probably best to just start at the top, but this is a attempt to specify the workflow for language change proposals, I think a key first step towards something like \"staged RFCs\", but also towards increased transparency of what the lang team is prioritizing and working on.</p>",
        "id": 196012226,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1588368580
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I was thinking maybe it behooves us to also spell out \"just enough\" of the staging here</p>",
        "id": 196013885,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1588369582
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I want to make explicit that in my view there's quite a gap between the transparency/accessibility of internals compared to Zulip</p>",
        "id": 196063591,
        "sender_full_name": "Dirkjan Ochtman",
        "timestamp": 1588443163
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>as in, keeping lightweight tabs on what's going on through internals works well for me, not so much with Zulip IMO</p>",
        "id": 196063644,
        "sender_full_name": "Dirkjan Ochtman",
        "timestamp": 1588443243
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>to what extent is the \"Language team list of proposals we'd like to see\" fleshed out? This seems like a big important thing to me</p>",
        "id": 196063791,
        "sender_full_name": "Dirkjan Ochtman",
        "timestamp": 1588443519
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"226095\">@Dirkjan Ochtman</span> It's not something we currently have written down in one place, but we'd like to fix that.</p>",
        "id": 196065050,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1588445712
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>There are scattered notes, but historically we haven't written it all down in one place.</p>",
        "id": 196065058,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1588445740
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Myself, I think that Internals has a worse setup and is harder to follow than Zulip is.</p>",
        "id": 196069756,
        "sender_full_name": "Lokathor",
        "timestamp": 1588453077
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think it depends on depth.  To me, looking at an overview and following maybe one or two threads is easier in IRLO, but for deep involvement in something it's easier on zulip.</p>",
        "id": 196142242,
        "sender_full_name": "scottmcm",
        "timestamp": 1588570601
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Something I was thinking about:</p>",
        "id": 196670053,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1588786557
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think an important part of the RFC process is that team members <em>and</em> non-team members use it in roughly the same way</p>",
        "id": 196670105,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1588786571
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(You  might see liaisons as a kind of exception to this, but I think of it as more of a way to make that promise <em>more true</em>, rather than <em>less</em>)</p>",
        "id": 196670148,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1588786593
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think we should make explicit that lang team ideas <strong>also</strong> begin as proposals</p>",
        "id": 196670180,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1588786607
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>And along those lines I have one in mind ;)</p>",
        "id": 196670192,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1588786614
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Another thing I was wondering:</p>",
        "id": 196670208,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1588786620
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>When a project group has an idea for an RFC... do they start with a <em>proposal</em>?</p>",
        "id": 196670232,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1588786632
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think the answer is probably \"no\", but it may depend on the scope of the project group</p>",
        "id": 196670250,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1588786640
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think if we keep project groups relatively narrowly tailored, there wouldn't be a need for a follow-up proposal</p>",
        "id": 196670308,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1588786660
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>But if we have groups with a broad focus -- I'm thinking of things like \"async\" or \"error handling\" -- then it might make more sense. These sorts of groups are perhaps closer to what we've traditionally called \"domain working groups\", though.</p>",
        "id": 196670411,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1588786688
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"239881\">@Josh Triplett</span> I'm trying to capture a bit of our thoughts about how project groups should fit into overall lang team workflow into <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/vtE1YgufTU-q_u-NOXqW8A?edit\" title=\"https://hackmd.io/vtE1YgufTU-q_u-NOXqW8A?edit\">the hackmd</a></p>",
        "id": 196831725,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1588886448
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm finding it sort of hard to decide what to write down, I admit</p>",
        "id": 196833025,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1588887150
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>some things that are on my mind:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>the idea of project groups \"driving\" a design  -- i.e., the work happens in the context of a project group primarily, and the role of the lang team is to offer feedback and add constraints, but not necessarily to dictate a solution (though it's fine to ask for advice or opinions)</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 196833088,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1588887209
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>the idea of \"presenting\" RFCs -- or draft RFCs as they develop! -- in a recorded format that can be posted to youtube, perhaps with a blog post, to help people understand the ideas and lead-up to an RFC</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 196833239,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1588887300
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>or possibly giving smaller updates in other contexts? design meetings or triage meetings</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 196833267,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1588887328
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe I'm getting too ambitious :)</p>",
        "id": 196833271,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1588887331
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>thoughts about how to incorporate staging, and in particular the kinds of concerns and feedback that is most appropriate at each stage</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 196833336,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1588887366
    }
]