[
    {
        "content": "<p>The lang team is holding the next planning meeting on July 7th (next week), and is looking for updates from the active projects -- this topic is for the macro metavariable work, tracked in <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/83527\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/83527</a></p>\n<p>Good questions to consider:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>What are recent topics of discussion?</li>\n<li>Any exciting developments since the last check-in?</li>\n<li>Any points where the group is stuck and the lang-team could weigh in?</li>\n<li>Any potential design meeting topics?</li>\n<li>Any other concerns?</li>\n</ul>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"312456\">@Mark Juggurnauth-Thomas</span> (if you're markbt on github) -- have you had a chance to find some time to work on this? No worries if there's not been any significant progress since the last update. If you could leave a status update on the tracking issue that'd be great!</p>",
        "id": 244219079,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1624924769
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm afraid there's been no progress, as I simply haven't found any spare time to work on it.  I'll post an update on the tracking issue.</p>",
        "id": 244248079,
        "sender_full_name": "Mark Juggurnauth-Thomas",
        "timestamp": 1624955389
    }
]