[
    {
        "content": "<p>I was talking to <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"239881\">@Josh Triplett</span> about the RFC process with respect to this rfc I'm working on <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/pull/2895\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/pull/2895\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/pull/2895</a></p>",
        "id": 196340932,
        "sender_full_name": "Jane Lusby",
        "timestamp": 1588700420
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and he mentioned the new RFC process that is being worked on rn and said I could potentially use it with my RFC (and possibly the two-three follow-up RFCs I plan on making)</p>",
        "id": 196341018,
        "sender_full_name": "Jane Lusby",
        "timestamp": 1588700479
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so yea, this is me volunteering</p>",
        "id": 196341037,
        "sender_full_name": "Jane Lusby",
        "timestamp": 1588700490
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i am interested in using the new RFC process</p>",
        "id": 196341042,
        "sender_full_name": "Jane Lusby",
        "timestamp": 1588700495
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>cc <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span></p>",
        "id": 196344302,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1588702118
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think these might be good test cases for the new project-group-based workflow.</p>",
        "id": 196344345,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1588702142
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"220273\">@Jane Lusby</span> I wanted to ping you about that!</p>",
        "id": 196353475,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1588706301
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm glad <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"239881\">@Josh Triplett</span> did</p>",
        "id": 196353478,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1588706304
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>what aspects in particular was he referring to, perhaps :)</p>",
        "id": 196353530,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1588706324
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and also, I see this is T-libs ..?</p>",
        "id": 196353538,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1588706327
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh yea, I wasn't really paying attention to the diff between T-lang and T-libs</p>",
        "id": 196354887,
        "sender_full_name": "Jane Lusby",
        "timestamp": 1588706977
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Josh mentioned having a project group, shepherd, and a liason</p>",
        "id": 196355056,
        "sender_full_name": "Jane Lusby",
        "timestamp": 1588707039
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>where the project group would handle the design process, and the shepherd would be in charge of gathering concensus and organizing everything</p>",
        "id": 196355084,
        "sender_full_name": "Jane Lusby",
        "timestamp": 1588707058
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>where I would presumably be the shepherd</p>",
        "id": 196355111,
        "sender_full_name": "Jane Lusby",
        "timestamp": 1588707068
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and I do not have a liason <span aria-label=\"grimacing\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f62c\" role=\"img\" title=\"grimacing\">:grimacing:</span></p>",
        "id": 196355144,
        "sender_full_name": "Jane Lusby",
        "timestamp": 1588707087
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yep, ok</p>",
        "id": 196355931,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1588707420
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"220273\">@Jane Lusby</span> It seemed like some of the proposals you had might potentially be language, but if they're all libs, then yeah, you need to be working with the libs team. :)</p>",
        "id": 196356663,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1588707710
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i think its all libs, is the new rfc process lang team specific?</p>",
        "id": 196357076,
        "sender_full_name": "Jane Lusby",
        "timestamp": 1588707879
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Thus far it is, yes.</p>",
        "id": 196357165,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1588707937
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Other teams might be interested in adopting it in the future, but we can't speak for those teams.</p>",
        "id": 196357191,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1588707950
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh, okay, then i guess i shall chill with the current process</p>",
        "id": 196357558,
        "sender_full_name": "Jane Lusby",
        "timestamp": 1588708094
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"220273\">@Jane Lusby</span> It would be worth opening a topic about the changes in <a class=\"stream\" data-stream-id=\"219381\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs\">#t-libs</a> if you haven't already. A lot of the members are there.</p>",
        "id": 196367190,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1588712516
    }
]