[
    {
        "content": "<p>So I'm trying to find better ways to capture lang team activity</p>",
        "id": 200595706,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591904693
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>One thing I was trying is creating issues on the lang-team repository for active project groups</p>",
        "id": 200595752,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591904710
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/lang-team/labels/project-group\">https://github.com/rust-lang/lang-team/labels/project-group</a></p>",
        "id": 200595772,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591904719
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I also have been updating this github project:</p>",
        "id": 200595784,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591904727
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/lang-team/projects/2\">https://github.com/rust-lang/lang-team/projects/2</a></p>",
        "id": 200595805,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591904736
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the idea was that we were supposed to \"assign\" the issue for each project group  to its leads + liaison</p>",
        "id": 200595832,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591904752
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I can't actually do that in all cases for some reason or another, probably because the relevant folks aren't members of the rust org? not sure</p>",
        "id": 200595900,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591904768
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I was also hoping that we could post \"status updates\" to the issues instead of in the paper doc</p>",
        "id": 200595948,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591904796
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>If they comment on the issue, you can assign them</p>",
        "id": 200596017,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1591904830
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(it's incredibly awkward)</p>",
        "id": 200596027,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1591904838
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think it's probably a bug that they are not members of the org</p>",
        "id": 200596062,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591904853
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i.e., the project groups are represented in the team repo</p>",
        "id": 200596076,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591904863
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but maybe they don't have a github team associated with them</p>",
        "id": 200596093,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591904870
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>would that change anything?</p>",
        "id": 200596100,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591904876
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah if they're members of the org should be assignable I think, likely we'd want to add teams anyway for project groups (because of cc @rust-lang/inline-asm for example)</p>",
        "id": 200596199,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1591904904
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>right example</p>",
        "id": 200596212,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591904912
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I do feel a bit of tension I have to say around organizing this \"by team\"</p>",
        "id": 200596230,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591904920
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think i's the right way to go for now</p>",
        "id": 200596257,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591904932
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I feel like it'd be nice if we had a more centralized setup and a <code>rust-lang/meta</code> or something with <code>T-lang</code> labels etc</p>",
        "id": 200596297,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591904952
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>since I suspect many projects will cross-cut (e.g., const-eval)</p>",
        "id": 200596312,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591904961
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but .. I don't know, that has its problems too</p>",
        "id": 200596335,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591904968
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>hm well one thing I'll note</p>",
        "id": 200596449,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1591905006
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that the github projects thingy can be cross-repo (org wide that is)</p>",
        "id": 200596468,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1591905013
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and it does seem like having a single \"primary\" team is good</p>",
        "id": 200596527,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1591905037
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>one problem i've noted with the async-await stuff</p>",
        "id": 200596560,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591905054
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>is that there are just very different 'mindsets'</p>",
        "id": 200596568,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591905059
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>e.g., there is a need for polish, and a need to design traits, and lang features</p>",
        "id": 200596588,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591905068
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it's not obviously great to mash them e.g. into one zulip stream</p>",
        "id": 200596665,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591905099
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and clearly not one <em>meeting</em></p>",
        "id": 200596682,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591905108
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I do think there's nothing wrong with a single project group having multiple streams/issue trackers/etc</p>",
        "id": 200596693,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1591905112
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>otoh, there is a lot of overlap between the people</p>",
        "id": 200596696,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591905113
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(when it's silo'd into multiple homes, so to speak)</p>",
        "id": 200596767,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1591905127
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I have to say that organizing things via a github repo feels a lot better than the paper doc</p>",
        "id": 200598161,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591905719
    }
]