[
    {
        "content": "<p>So <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"224471\">@Lokathor</span> was asking me whether I thought that creating a project group for the <code>#[instruction_set]</code> RFC was worthwhile. <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"239881\">@Josh Triplett</span>  and I discussed it a bit in today's meeting. I'm inclined to say \"let's do it\", it shouldn't be all that much overhead, though we do want a liaison. (I don't know that it merits, say, a dedicated <em>repository</em>.) </p>\n<p>I was observing though that I wish we had a project group for target-feature, so that we could kind of \"call it back into action\" to help resolve some of the questions arising now (e.g., <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/72012\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/72012</a>).</p>",
        "id": 201655992,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1592857378
    }
]