[
    {
        "content": "<p>A new proposal has been announced <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/279\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/279\">#279</a>. It will be brought up at the next meeting.</p>",
        "id": 195596248,
        "sender_full_name": "triagebot",
        "timestamp": 1588093926
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hi  folks!  I filed this MCP (<a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/279\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/279\">https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/279</a>) for the compiler to get our platform supported at Tier 2 with binaries available through <code>rustup</code>.  Was hoping somebody could take a look and give me pointers on what I should do next. Thank you!</p>",
        "id": 196261416,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua M. Clulow",
        "timestamp": 1588644720
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hi <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"293955\">@Joshua M. Clulow</span> =) So I'm pretty keen to help move this along. One thing I would definitely like is to have dedicated and documented maintainers -- I saw that you mentioned some candidates, so that's great. We've been bit lax on <em>our</em> side in terms of figuring out how to manage tiers and things. <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"239881\">@Josh Triplett</span> was working on <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/pull/2803\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/pull/2803\">RFC 2803</a> related  to this, but I think it's stalled out (and I know I owe him some feedback, for that matter).</p>",
        "id": 196290104,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1588674288
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I <em>think</em> it seems like there's more work here from the infra side than the compiler <em>per se</em></p>",
        "id": 196290148,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1588674332
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hi <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span>!  That's great to hear! :D</p>\n<p>I think you're right.  At this point the toolchain works on illumos when we build it in the CI docker image (the host triple stuff already went in).  We're currently on something of a crate safari, making sure that popular crates work on our platform as well.</p>\n<p>We're happy to roll up our sleeves to help out with issues that arise.  Is there some way that existing platform maintainers (e.g., for FreeBSD and NetBSD and so on) get notified of what seem to be platform-specific issues to sort through?</p>",
        "id": 196338247,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua M. Clulow",
        "timestamp": 1588699113
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hey <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"293955\">@Joshua M. Clulow</span> -- I just remembered we never moved on this</p>",
        "id": 198826856,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590530375
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><del>also cc <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"121055\">@Pietro Albini</span></del></p>",
        "id": 198826864,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590530380
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>er, cc <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"121055\">@Pietro Albini</span></p>",
        "id": 198826886,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590530394
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"121055\">@Pietro Albini</span> is the person to talk to about the infra side, or at least they'll know the right person</p>",
        "id": 198826954,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590530425
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hey!  It's true :D</p>\n<p>I'm working on rebasing the change again.  There have been a handful of changes we've been missed on in the last week because we're not in the CI/CD -- so we're obviously keen to get moving :D</p>",
        "id": 198826966,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua M. Clulow",
        "timestamp": 1590530429
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Thanks for remembering us!</p>",
        "id": 198826991,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua M. Clulow",
        "timestamp": 1590530447
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"492\">@T-compiler</span>: Proposal <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/279#issuecomment-641122193\">#279</a> has been seconded, and will be approved in 10 days if no objections are raised.</p>",
        "id": 200194622,
        "sender_full_name": "triagebot",
        "timestamp": 1591691354
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"293955\">@Joshua M. Clulow</span> I was just coming here to second but I see that <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116107\">@davidtwco</span> did so already. Sorry for the delay. I think you've been working with <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"121055\">@Pietro Albini</span> though, which is great. I also wanted to note that we finally created the template for \"target-specific groups\" of folks to help out -- <a href=\"https://blog.rust-lang.org/inside-rust/2020/06/09/windows-notification-group.html\">see this recent blog post on windows/arm</a> -- can we create a group like that for Illumos?</p>",
        "id": 200400501,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591785558
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'll privmsg you perhaps, I mainly just need the names of a few folks</p>",
        "id": 200400517,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591785574
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>This proposal has been accepted: <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/279\">#279</a>.</p>",
        "id": 203270912,
        "sender_full_name": "triagebot",
        "timestamp": 1594217033
    }
]