[
    {
        "content": "<p>Hey project leads! I want to get some feedback on an idea I've been working on. I call it the <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/9tAEgpO1Sy2UTytnpkC9cA?view\">Cross Team Collaboration Fun Times</a>, or CTCFT for short (continuing Rust's tradition of joyfully inscrutable acronyms). The idea is to have a meeting, held every 2 weeks, where we will:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>To celebrate and raise awareness of what is happening in the project.</li>\n<li>To track progress on important efforts and communicate requests between teams.</li>\n<li>To give a forum for cross-team discussion and collaboration.</li>\n</ul>\n<p>This is similar to, but also radically different from, the \"leadership sync\" meeting that we attempted before. Some key differences:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>The agenda will be curated and selected in advance (I'm planning to do that role, but I'd love help);</li>\n<li>We will not give status updates, but will focus on items that offer lessons/action-items for other teams, or where interesting discussion is needed;</li>\n<li>Meetings will be recorded and publicly posted.</li>\n<li>The meeting targets all active members of Rust teams and groups, but it will be an open meeting, with anyone welcome to observe (but you will have to request the zoom link, which gives a bit of a chance to orient folks).</li>\n</ul>\n<p>I'm hoping to organize the first meeting for May 2nd (first Monday in May). I'd love feedback on the idea but also suggestions for initial agenda items. </p>\n<p>One particular thing I'm trying to decide is what time of day -- I expect we'll have to alternate a bit to manage time zone access. (Also-- maybe monthly is better?)</p>",
        "id": 233559924,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1617829190
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>If we're making the name inscrutable anyway, can we call it the <a href=\"https://theculture.fandom.com/wiki/Interesting_Times_Gang\">\"Cross Team Collaboration Interesting Times Gang\"</a> instead? <span aria-label=\"wink\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f609\" role=\"img\" title=\"wink\">:wink:</span></p>",
        "id": 233563810,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1617830037
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>Is it a complex issue and you wish to talk through ideas?<br>\nIs it a project with a lot of vaiables involves and you want everyone on the same page?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Hmm, is it common to want to talk through ideas/keep people informed with the <em>whole</em> rust-lang org? that seems a little overkill</p>",
        "id": 233565478,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1617830515
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>most of my \"yes\" answers to that question only need people from the relevant team involved</p>",
        "id": 233565588,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1617830536
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><del>maybe this is a less demanding way to say it - what sort of topics do you expect to discuss?</del> never mind, missed the agenda: <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/QZrDNeUXRsKtQuyjdpH0Pw\">https://hackmd.io/QZrDNeUXRsKtQuyjdpH0Pw</a></p>",
        "id": 233565796,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1617830601
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Gotta run, but brief answers <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"232545\">@Joshua Nelson</span> </p>\n<ul>\n<li>I can't change the name because I love the gif too much</li>\n<li>I don't necessarily expect every agenda item to be interested to every person; this is why we would publish the agenda in advance, so folks don't necessarily have to show up if it doesn't look like it covers things that interest them;</li>\n<li>I think that specific team pairings may want to have their own sync meetings, also</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 233571208,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1617833408
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>That said, I think it's more common than you think. For example, I've encountered quite a few people who have no real clue on what is happening with the 2021 Edition</p>",
        "id": 233571246,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1617833433
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I also think vision doc like efforts could easily apply to everyone</p>",
        "id": 233571269,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1617833446
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>As far as agenda items, I actually have a specific proposed agenda, but I decided to scrub it and move the examples into the main doc -- I figured it'd be interesting to see what people came to me with</p>",
        "id": 233571295,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1617833470
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I do plan to invest a fair bit of time in actively talking to folks and forming up a quality agenda though-- and maybe we can skip a meeting if it doesn't seem like there's enough. This might be a reason to start with monthly, to see how much stuff we have.</p>",
        "id": 233571345,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1617833508
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Did the hackmd document get moved?</p>",
        "id": 238566944,
        "sender_full_name": "technetos",
        "timestamp": 1620867951
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I found everything in the gh repo so its not a problem, but the link seems to 404</p>",
        "id": 238567156,
        "sender_full_name": "technetos",
        "timestamp": 1620868136
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ah, yeah, I removed the hackmd docs</p>",
        "id": 238685260,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1620941962
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>when I created the public gh repo</p>",
        "id": 238685280,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1620941971
    }
]