[
    {
        "content": "<p>I’m writing to announce that the core team has prepared a first draft of the roadmap for next year. The core team’s time will be focused on improving Rust’s governance, and working closely with all of you to help prepare charters for all of our teams and working groups. Our expectation is that this work helps each team better understand what their aims are and will help the Core team better serve your needs.</p>\n<p>I’ve prepared a draft PR for an initial round of commentary from all of you here: <a href=\"https://github.com/Mark-Simulacrum/rfcs/pull/1\">https://github.com/Mark-Simulacrum/rfcs/pull/1</a>.</p>",
        "id": 218775424,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1607042851
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116122\">@simulacrum</span> Would it make sense for the RFC to include a list of such teams, to concretely make it clear to people which teams at what levels will participate in this governance regularization process? (e.g. core, lang, libs, compiler, ...)</p>",
        "id": 218780179,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1607047689
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I expect all groups within rust to participate - both teams and working groups (project groups too, but those are much more recent and we've been pretty good about chartering them - great place to get feedback!)</p>",
        "id": 218780224,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1607047753
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So I think it's possible we can include a list but I am not sure we can make it exhaustive - I'd be happy to add a section explicitly calling this out.</p>",
        "id": 218780258,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1607047791
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Before we post fully I expect to spend some time double checking \"team\" and \"group\" being used interchangeably but confusingly :)</p>",
        "id": 218780343,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1607047866
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm expecting most of governance to participate as well, but it'd be helpful to spell that out in the RFC for clarity. For instance, it wasn't at all obvious to me if this included working groups or not.</p>",
        "id": 218780828,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1607048333
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>And in the other direction, I'm hoping this includes core.</p>",
        "id": 218780870,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1607048341
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Also, I'm not sure if this is within the intended scope of the RFC, but I'd love to see a mention of unifying contribution processes among groups. (e.g. current work on project-based contribution processes.)</p>",
        "id": 218781203,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1607048417
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Happy to try to edit these into the RFC with some stronger language - could you leave a comment on the PR?</p>\n<p>Core is definitely in scope.</p>\n<p>I think we're going to try to focus more on the governance side of things rather than directly addressing contributor interfaces, but I think some of the charter work is going to include project based contribution. I think there's more I can do to make that clearer for sure.</p>",
        "id": 218789228,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1607051085
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"239881\">Josh Triplett</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/217588-project-leads.20(public)/topic/Pre-RFC.3A.20Roadmap.202021/near/218781203\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>unifying contribution processes among groups</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>can you expand what you mean by this? like how people should start on large projects, whether they should go through RFC/MCP/FCP?</p>",
        "id": 218796148,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1607060291
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"232545\">@Joshua Nelson</span> Right. In particular, harmonizing the MCP process across teams, especially for the case of cross-team-scope projects.</p>",
        "id": 218796319,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1607060539
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So that there isn't one process to deal with lang and a different process to deal with libs.</p>",
        "id": 218796327,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1607060565
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that would be nice <span aria-label=\"smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f642\" role=\"img\" title=\"smile\">:smile:</span></p>",
        "id": 218796343,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1607060602
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"239881\">@Josh Triplett</span> from my PoV, we also need a team restructure in some ways, so naming a team list in the RFC might weaken that.</p>",
        "id": 218808755,
        "sender_full_name": "Florian Gilcher",
        "timestamp": 1607073427
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Can you elaborate on that?</p>",
        "id": 218808867,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1607073497
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"232545\">Joshua Nelson</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/217588-project-leads.20(public)/topic/Pre-RFC.3A.20Roadmap.202021/near/218796148\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"239881\">Josh Triplett</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/217588-project-leads.20(public)/topic/Pre-RFC.3A.20Roadmap.202021/near/218781203\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>unifying contribution processes among groups</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>can you expand what you mean by this? like how people should start on large projects, whether they should go through RFC/MCP/FCP?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>So, one of the things that became hard - even for me, as a person that has been around the project is finding out how to approach a project, what feedback they need, how I can find out if my feedback currently fits, etc. But e.g. also things like licence checks on code and whatever. Again, speaking personally, we should have an eye on the classic \"just enough process\" though - improving visibility,. reducing insecurity and removing cognitive load for all.</p>",
        "id": 218809253,
        "sender_full_name": "Florian Gilcher",
        "timestamp": 1607073747
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"239881\">Josh Triplett</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/217588-project-leads.20(public)/topic/Pre-RFC.3A.20Roadmap.202021/near/218808867\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Can you elaborate on that?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Especially in WG-land, some WGs aren't active or have changed scope, which may point to them restructuring and going into other parts of the projects. There's nothing I want to highlight, as that would be top-down, I just think it's a place we can optimise in.</p>",
        "id": 218809369,
        "sender_full_name": "Florian Gilcher",
        "timestamp": 1607073843
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>But for example, community-team reforms in January and may drastically change its structure.</p>",
        "id": 218809466,
        "sender_full_name": "Florian Gilcher",
        "timestamp": 1607073907
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>This is something we talked a <em>lot</em> about in the context of the governance wg</p>",
        "id": 219473557,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1607608277
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Not to derail the thread, but to give an idea of what I at least have in mind when it comes to \"project reorg\", my current opinion is that we ought to retire the concept of domain working groups and generally move them to something independent from the rust-lang project. I think in some cases, we might opt instead to create a team, or to reposition the working group as a project group within an existing team. I do think there may be room for some kind of \"community directory\", to help people find and get involved with external groups.</p>",
        "id": 219473788,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1607608421
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think there is probably some amount of room for other changes, e.g. I've kicked around the idea of a \"product team\" for a while now that tries to pull together the technical teams for tighter cooperation, but I'm not sure I have a clear picture there yet of what would really work.</p>",
        "id": 219473876,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1607608462
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Definitely I share the concern that we need to make the project as approachable as we can, and especially approachable for \"organizations\" or \"groups\" (I think we do rather better with individuals, even though there is work to be done on consolidating)</p>",
        "id": 219473931,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1607608495
    }
]