[
    {
        "content": "<p>Assuming this doesn't get decided on ahead of time, I'd like to make sure we discuss how contributors should contact the libs team on tracking issues where they'd like to initiate an FCP. Based on the discussion in <a href=\"#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/First.20time.20going.20through.20FCP\">https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/First.20time.20going.20through.20FCP</a> and <a href=\"#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/pinging.20teams.20as.20a.20non.20team.20member\">https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/pinging.20teams.20as.20a.20non.20team.20member</a></p>",
        "id": 274057699,
        "sender_full_name": "Jane Lusby [she/her]",
        "timestamp": 1646350938
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>also <a href=\"#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/.60swap_unchecked.60/near/273289103\">https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/.60swap_unchecked.60/near/273289103</a> :)</p>",
        "id": 274058847,
        "sender_full_name": "Ibraheem Ahmed",
        "timestamp": 1646351860
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I won't be able to make it for the <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"4493\">@T-libs</span> meeting today. The only items on the agenda are left from last week:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Backport of  [<a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/94283\">94283</a>] <em>remove feature gate in <code>control_flow</code> examples</em> (I personally don't really have an opinion on this one <span aria-label=\"shrug\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f937\" role=\"img\" title=\"shrug\">:shrug:</span>)</li>\n</ul>\n<p>And three needs-decision that have been open for a while:</p>\n<p>- [<a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/87707\">87707</a>] <em><code>#[track_caller]</code> for <code>std::sync::Once</code></em><br>\n  - [<a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/88025\">88025</a>] <em>ScmCredentials netbsd implementation.</em><br>\n  - [<a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/91004\">91004</a>] <em>Deref documentation: Remove references to \"smart pointers\"</em></p>\n<hr>",
        "id": 274731635,
        "sender_full_name": "Mara",
        "timestamp": 1646850581
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"2645\">@T-libs-api</span> meeting at <time datetime=\"2022-03-09T20:00:00Z\">2022-03-09T21:00:00+01:00</time>: agenda: <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/ZoM7VZPMSoWkEI-e-4YVPQ\">https://hackmd.io/ZoM7VZPMSoWkEI-e-4YVPQ</a></p>",
        "id": 274731789,
        "sender_full_name": "Mara",
        "timestamp": 1646850663
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(<span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"220273\">@Jane Lusby [she/her]</span> I added your point from above to this agenda, since it's practically always about FCPs on API tracking issues.)</p>",
        "id": 274731804,
        "sender_full_name": "Mara",
        "timestamp": 1646850672
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>awesome, tyty</p>",
        "id": 274735957,
        "sender_full_name": "Jane Lusby [she/her]",
        "timestamp": 1646852527
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm on the <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"4493\">@T-libs</span> meeting. Anyone else joining?</p>",
        "id": 274736746,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1646852832
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ill hop on</p>",
        "id": 274736995,
        "sender_full_name": "Jane Lusby [she/her]",
        "timestamp": 1646852922
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>for the track_caller issue, that one was implemented this last week and should have been closed already, so I went ahead and closed it</p>",
        "id": 274738564,
        "sender_full_name": "Jane Lusby [she/her]",
        "timestamp": 1646853571
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>for <code>ScmCredentials</code>, I think that one should be blocked on getting a designated maintainer for netbsd sorted and documented, and then let them handle reviewing that implementation. I still haven't gotten a response from the maintainer I pinged a couple weeks ago, I'd like to wait a little longer, I'm thinking 1 month from when I pinged them, before trying to reach out again, at which point I'll probably figure out what mailing list I should be messaging to try to initiate that process again</p>",
        "id": 274738757,
        "sender_full_name": "Jane Lusby [she/her]",
        "timestamp": 1646853652
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Left a comment on the smart pointer's issue encouraging a PR doing the rewording</p>",
        "id": 274740509,
        "sender_full_name": "Jane Lusby [she/her]",
        "timestamp": 1646854416
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and we accepted the backport</p>",
        "id": 274740516,
        "sender_full_name": "Jane Lusby [she/her]",
        "timestamp": 1646854422
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"2645\">@T-libs-api</span> meeting time! <a href=\"https://meet.jit.si/rust-libs-meeting-crxoz2at8hiccp7b3ixf89qgxfymlbwr\">https://meet.jit.si/rust-libs-meeting-crxoz2at8hiccp7b3ixf89qgxfymlbwr</a></p>",
        "id": 274743827,
        "sender_full_name": "Mara",
        "timestamp": 1646855994
    }
]