[
    {
        "content": "<p>During next week's libs-api team meeting I'd like to talk about having a process for more officially supporting discussions at earlier stages of the design process, since <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"310399\">@Mara</span> has highlighted some issues around our current process often pushing people towards providing solutions without necessarily focusing on the problems being solved or leaving space for alternative solutions</p>",
        "id": 276518305,
        "sender_full_name": "Jane Lusby [she/her]",
        "timestamp": 1648145477
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>this came up again during the Rust Linz meetup where the Rust for linux people gave a presentation</p>",
        "id": 276518335,
        "sender_full_name": "Jane Lusby [she/her]",
        "timestamp": 1648145488
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>they discussed needing official support for safe pin projections</p>",
        "id": 276518393,
        "sender_full_name": "Jane Lusby [she/her]",
        "timestamp": 1648145507
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and suggested language support, though I'm not sure that we should necessarily jump to language support, but also they had no idea how to go about exploring the solution space and weren't sure if they should submit an RFC or a Pre-RFC or keep just talking about it to ppl</p>",
        "id": 276518491,
        "sender_full_name": "Jane Lusby [she/her]",
        "timestamp": 1648145541
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so I mentioned this idea I'd discussed with mara and they seemed excited about it</p>",
        "id": 276518509,
        "sender_full_name": "Jane Lusby [she/her]",
        "timestamp": 1648145551
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I want to discuss it with the rest of the team and if everyone is on board work on the supporting docs to get it rolling</p>",
        "id": 276518549,
        "sender_full_name": "Jane Lusby [she/her]",
        "timestamp": 1648145572
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>one thing I do think we need to be careful about is increasing the amount of discussions that are going on beyond the libs-api teams capacity to support, so for the official \"in project\" pre-rfcs I think we might want a mechanism similar to the lang team's MCP process</p>",
        "id": 276518633,
        "sender_full_name": "Jane Lusby [she/her]",
        "timestamp": 1648145608
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>where we have to have a libs team member second the issue in order to open it up for general discussion / make a call for proposed solutions</p>",
        "id": 276518662,
        "sender_full_name": "Jane Lusby [she/her]",
        "timestamp": 1648145632
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Lang has tooling in progress for that; I'm hoping that tooling will be easy for other teams to adopt/adapt.</p>",
        "id": 276524706,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1648148365
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"220273\">Jane Lusby [she/her]</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs.2Fmeetings/topic/Meeting.202022-03-30/near/276518335\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>this came up again during the Rust Linz meetup where the Rust for linux people gave a presentation</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>was this recorded?</p>",
        "id": 276527456,
        "sender_full_name": "bstrie",
        "timestamp": 1648149744
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"256342\">bstrie</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs.2Fmeetings/topic/Meeting.202022-03-30/near/276527456\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"220273\">Jane Lusby [she/her]</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs.2Fmeetings/topic/Meeting.202022-03-30/near/276518335\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>this came up again during the Rust Linz meetup where the Rust for linux people gave a presentation</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>was this recorded?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>yeah</p>",
        "id": 276527654,
        "sender_full_name": "Jane Lusby [she/her]",
        "timestamp": 1648149857
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8txt4XyvGXU\">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8txt4XyvGXU</a></p>\n<div class=\"youtube-video message_inline_image\"><a data-id=\"8txt4XyvGXU\" href=\"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8txt4XyvGXU\"><img src=\"https://uploads.zulipusercontent.net/f16422a2fcf9f6b499c664501ad1a5a6ea0eafd1/68747470733a2f2f692e7974696d672e636f6d2f76692f38747874345879764758552f64656661756c742e6a7067\"></a></div>",
        "id": 276527689,
        "sender_full_name": "Jane Lusby [she/her]",
        "timestamp": 1648149875
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think improving crate discoverability might also be a good candidate for this kind of request for proposals process, inspired by <a href=\"https://twitter.com/InsanityBit/status/1508473339072811015\">https://twitter.com/InsanityBit/status/1508473339072811015</a></p>\n<div class=\"inline-preview-twitter\"><div class=\"twitter-tweet\"><a href=\"https://twitter.com/InsanityBit/status/1508473339072811015\"><img class=\"twitter-avatar\" src=\"https://uploads.zulipusercontent.net/26fbc96445977c47ef82f252d10a5cb34754e6d1/68747470733a2f2f7062732e7477696d672e636f6d2f70726f66696c655f696d616765732f313132343432323431353633373833353737372f58356d6a65314d7a5f6e6f726d616c2e706e67\"></a><p>This cost me a few days of work tbh. Like, what I wanted to do in one crate was extremely difficult but straightforward in another.\n\nIDK how best to solve this. Current situation is not good though - I consistently have to ask the community for advice on crates <a href=\"https://t.co/dru8m1WOqq\">https://twitter.com/InsanityBit/status/1508460406720901128</a></p><span>- InsanityBit (@InsanityBit)</span></div></div>",
        "id": 276907089,
        "sender_full_name": "Jane Lusby [she/her]",
        "timestamp": 1648488730
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>crev integration?</p>",
        "id": 276908111,
        "sender_full_name": "The 8472",
        "timestamp": 1648489247
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i don't think we need to go straight to suggesting proposals atm</p>",
        "id": 276908778,
        "sender_full_name": "Jane Lusby [she/her]",
        "timestamp": 1648489602
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>was just bringing this up to add to the conversation in our next meeting on organizing these kinds of discussions</p>",
        "id": 276908806,
        "sender_full_name": "Jane Lusby [she/her]",
        "timestamp": 1648489626
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"4493\">@T-libs</span> meeting at <time datetime=\"2022-03-30T18:00:00Z\">2022-03-30T20:00:00+02:00</time>, agenda: <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/zNVqU8yBQq62quA21SN9CA\">https://hackmd.io/zNVqU8yBQq62quA21SN9CA</a><br>\n<span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"2645\">@T-libs-api</span> meeting at <time datetime=\"2022-03-30T19:00:00Z\">2022-03-30T21:00:00+02:00</time>, agenda: <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/L3OzQVOWS-C9hL_6TAy7LA\">https://hackmd.io/L3OzQVOWS-C9hL_6TAy7LA</a></p>\n<p>Feel free to add anything to the agendas you want to discuss</p>",
        "id": 277174317,
        "sender_full_name": "Mara",
        "timestamp": 1648659136
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"4493\">@T-libs</span> meeting time: <a href=\"https://meet.jit.si/rust-libs-meeting-ujepnbwg2lzqgt6wvrndwimi\">https://meet.jit.si/rust-libs-meeting-ujepnbwg2lzqgt6wvrndwimi</a> <span aria-label=\"tada\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f389\" role=\"img\" title=\"tada\">:tada:</span></p>",
        "id": 277183828,
        "sender_full_name": "Mara",
        "timestamp": 1648663289
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"2645\">@T-libs-api</span> meeting time: <a href=\"https://meet.jit.si/rust-libs-meeting-crxoz2at8hiccp7b3ixf89qgxfymlbwr\">https://meet.jit.si/rust-libs-meeting-crxoz2at8hiccp7b3ixf89qgxfymlbwr</a> <span aria-label=\"tada\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f389\" role=\"img\" title=\"tada\">:tada:</span></p>",
        "id": 277191710,
        "sender_full_name": "Mara",
        "timestamp": 1648666885
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We discussed getting coverage info for unsafe functions yesterday, it wouldn't have helped with <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/94231\">#94231</a> (the chunksmut issue) since that already has a test exercising the specialization. The existing test just wasn't enough for miri to detect the aliasing bug</p>",
        "id": 277319950,
        "sender_full_name": "The 8472",
        "timestamp": 1648750488
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>That is very interesting. Can you share the test you found somewhere? (the issue, my draft PR, here?)</p>",
        "id": 277327883,
        "sender_full_name": "Ben Kimock (Saethlin)",
        "timestamp": 1648754337
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>added a comment to the issue</p>",
        "id": 277328547,
        "sender_full_name": "The 8472",
        "timestamp": 1648754755
    }
]