[
    {
        "content": "<p>Hey <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"1866\">@WG-ffi-unwind</span> -- if somebody could post an update into <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/lang-team/issues/19\">rust-lang/lang-team#19</a> for this month's planning meeting, that would be amazing! Here are some <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/BurZQXKST6i0vFVWn61Vaw?view#Questions-to-consider-for-updates\">questions to consider</a></p>",
        "id": 233394191,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1617744633
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>When is the planning meeting? The document has today's date on it.</p>",
        "id": 233406170,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1617751316
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><time datetime=\"2021-04-07T17:00:00Z\">2021-04-07T13:00:00-04:00</time></p>",
        "id": 233406338,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1617751421
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm sorry, I don't know if I will have time. I'll try.</p>",
        "id": 233409734,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1617753702
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"120076\">@BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)</span> Please don't feel like you have to rush. The most important thing would be if you have updates that need lang team action or review or approval to move forward. If you <em>don't</em>, and you don't have bandwidth, it'd be sufficient to just say \"various progress, no gating issues\" for now. (We're trying to get in the habit of regular status updates, but we're running late this month.)</p>",
        "id": 233423055,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1617763999
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hey all!</p>\n<p>The lang team is holding the next planning meeting on July 7th (next week), and is looking for updates from the active projects. Please leave an update on your issue on the lang-team repo: <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/lang-team/issues/19\">https://github.com/rust-lang/lang-team/issues/19</a> -- thanks!</p>\n<p>Good questions to consider:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>What are recent topics of discussion?</li>\n<li>Any exciting developments since the last check-in?</li>\n<li>Any points where the group is stuck and the lang-team could weigh in?</li>\n<li>Any potential design meeting topics?</li>\n<li>Any other concerns?</li>\n</ul>\n<p>No worries if there's not been any significant progress since the last update.</p>",
        "id": 244219432,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1624925083
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116015\">@Alex Crichton</span> I think the main thing is to say we need MIR expertise in the PR review, correct?</p>",
        "id": 244365517,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1625013108
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I believe so yeah</p>",
        "id": 244368715,
        "sender_full_name": "Alex Crichton",
        "timestamp": 1625016988
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116015\">@Alex Crichton</span> now that Niko is reviewing, we're no longer blocked on needing another reviewer, correct?</p>",
        "id": 244600119,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1625160176
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I believe so, yes</p>",
        "id": 244606050,
        "sender_full_name": "Alex Crichton",
        "timestamp": 1625163084
    }
]