<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>design meeting 2021-05-12 ¬∑ t-lang ¬∑ Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/213817-t-lang/index.html">t-lang</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/design.20meeting.202021-05-12.html">design meeting 2021-05-12</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="238497654"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/design%20meeting%202021-05-12/near/238497654" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/design.20meeting.202021-05-12.html#238497654">(May 12 2021 at 15:50)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hello <span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="1977">@T-lang</span> -- just to clarify, we will hav a design meeting today! <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="119031">@Esteban K√ºber</span>'s <a href="https://hackmd.io/9v81TQSgQcaAiqvHQtzN8w?both">writeup is here</a>, you can also read <a class="stream-topic" data-stream-id="213817" href="/#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/MVP.20Generators.20use-case">#t-lang &gt; MVP Generators use-case</a> for more conversation.</p>



<a name="238497754"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/design%20meeting%202021-05-12/near/238497754" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/design.20meeting.202021-05-12.html#238497754">(May 12 2021 at 15:51)</a>:</h4>
<p><a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/lang-team/issues/92">https://github.com/rust-lang/lang-team/issues/92</a></p>



<a name="238508743"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/design%20meeting%202021-05-12/near/238508743" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/design.20meeting.202021-05-12.html#238508743">(May 12 2021 at 17:01)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="1977">@T-lang</span> design meeting!</p>



<a name="238512258"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/design%20meeting%202021-05-12/near/238512258" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/design.20meeting.202021-05-12.html#238512258">(May 12 2021 at 17:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>(I am reminded that doc-oriented mtgs at Amazon sometimes open with the author giving an overview, but is soon followed by ‚Äúare there questions about the content of the doc‚Äù. I think the latter is what we are doing now, and I think it is worthwhile.)</p>



<a name="238525734"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/design%20meeting%202021-05-12/near/238525734" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Esteban K√ºber <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/design.20meeting.202021-05-12.html#238525734">(May 12 2021 at 18:53)</a>:</h4>
<p>Thank you everyone attending!</p>



<a name="238526573"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/design%20meeting%202021-05-12/near/238526573" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Esteban K√ºber <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/design.20meeting.202021-05-12.html#238526573">(May 12 2021 at 18:58)</a>:</h4>
<p>What should the immediate follow up be on this? I will try to summarize and address as possible the points raised.</p>



<a name="238618103"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/design%20meeting%202021-05-12/near/238618103" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/design.20meeting.202021-05-12.html#238618103">(May 13 2021 at 13:06)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think a usmmary would be great, to start. i feel like there were two main points from my memory:</p>
<ul>
<li><em>prioritization</em></li>
<li><em>generality</em>: how can we improve shortcomings of impl trait and make it so that using generators is not considered bad practice (make the idiomatic efficient)</li>
</ul>



<a name="238618132"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/design%20meeting%202021-05-12/near/238618132" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/design.20meeting.202021-05-12.html#238618132">(May 13 2021 at 13:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>to me, the latter is a question for the design process -- that's exactly the kind of questions we should be putting to a project group to work out</p>



<a name="238618154"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/design%20meeting%202021-05-12/near/238618154" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/design.20meeting.202021-05-12.html#238618154">(May 13 2021 at 13:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>the former is important, and it's partly a question of "does pursuing this design block us from taking other immediate steps" -- honestly i thnk it's a question to hash out more in <a class="stream" data-stream-id="187312" href="/#narrow/stream/187312-wg-async-foundations">#wg-async-foundations</a> than anything else</p>



<a name="238618176"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/design%20meeting%202021-05-12/near/238618176" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/design.20meeting.202021-05-12.html#238618176">(May 13 2021 at 13:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>like, what are the demands <em>on the lang team specifically</em> when it comes to async or elsewhere</p>



<a name="238618193"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/design%20meeting%202021-05-12/near/238618193" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/design.20meeting.202021-05-12.html#238618193">(May 13 2021 at 13:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>I will also say that we didn't spend much time on sync iterators but, to me, that's a <em>big deal</em></p>



<a name="238618298"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/design%20meeting%202021-05-12/near/238618298" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/design.20meeting.202021-05-12.html#238618298">(May 13 2021 at 13:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>one question I have regarding blog post: I'd like us to be getting feedback from others about whehtehr they'd find this feature useful and for what. Maybe we can run a survey? Internals thread is always an option too, but I think gathering the data via a form might be nicer. or maybe PRs to a repo.</p>



<a name="238697067"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/design%20meeting%202021-05-12/near/238697067" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Esteban K√ºber <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/design.20meeting.202021-05-12.html#238697067">(May 13 2021 at 23:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>I ran a short twitter thread. Although the numbers were interesting what I found more useful were the follow up conversations.<br>
<a href="https://twitter.com/ekuber/status/1392608787568029703">https://twitter.com/ekuber/status/1392608787568029703</a></p>
<div class="inline-preview-twitter"><div class="twitter-tweet"><a href="https://twitter.com/ekuber/status/1392608787568029703"><img class="twitter-avatar" src="https://uploads.zulipusercontent.net/74b8ea9f27facbf1a38c649d615e895946b07766/68747470733a2f2f7062732e7477696d672e636f6d2f70726f66696c655f696d616765732f313231323832313936363436373432303136312f4a796d6334595f545f6e6f726d616c2e6a7067"></a><p>If you write Rust, have you ever avoided creating a new Iterator or Stream implementation for any reason?</p><span>- Esteban K ‚Äì ü¶Ä‚öôÔ∏è@home (@ekuber)</span></div></div>



<hr><p>Last updated: Aug 07 2021 at 22:04 UTC</p>
</html>