<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>Design meeting: procedures · t-lang · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/index.html">t-lang</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design.20meeting.3A.20procedures.html">Design meeting: procedures</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="197443336"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design%20meeting%3A%20procedures/near/197443336" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design.20meeting.3A.20procedures.html#197443336">(May 13 2020 at 17:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hey <span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="1977">@T-lang</span> design meeting starting now</p>
<p><a href="https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Design-meeting-2020-05-13-Lang-Team-Procedures--Az6BYILUCDhrNgzM7Ga85KM8Ag-GwofnUe9i3lXsOHq4ZyG7">Paper document</a></p>



<a name="197443861"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design%20meeting%3A%20procedures/near/197443861" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design.20meeting.3A.20procedures.html#197443861">(May 13 2020 at 17:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>The meeting invite seems to have a hangouts attached to it...?</p>



<a name="197444048"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design%20meeting%3A%20procedures/near/197444048" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design.20meeting.3A.20procedures.html#197444048">(May 13 2020 at 17:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>Removed.</p>



<a name="198303296"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design%20meeting%3A%20procedures/near/198303296" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design.20meeting.3A.20procedures.html#198303296">(May 21 2020 at 09:51)</a>:</h4>
<p>I started working on a draft RFC for this</p>



<a name="198303301"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design%20meeting%3A%20procedures/near/198303301" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design.20meeting.3A.20procedures.html#198303301">(May 21 2020 at 09:51)</a>:</h4>
<p>I am wondering about something</p>



<a name="198303308"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design%20meeting%3A%20procedures/near/198303308" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design.20meeting.3A.20procedures.html#198303308">(May 21 2020 at 09:51)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="239881">@Josh Triplett</span> we had always talked about the idea of people having a "short list" of ideas that they may wish to pursue once the active projects are done</p>



<a name="198303326"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design%20meeting%3A%20procedures/near/198303326" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design.20meeting.3A.20procedures.html#198303326">(May 21 2020 at 09:51)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think this is a fine idea, but I am thinking that it doesn't necessarily make sense for that to be a "special status" for a proposal</p>



<a name="198303400"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design%20meeting%3A%20procedures/near/198303400" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design.20meeting.3A.20procedures.html#198303400">(May 21 2020 at 09:52)</a>:</h4>
<p>i.e., it seems like we should keep those notes, but we should merge/close the proposal as we would any other proposal that is not getting activity -- simply because "the future never comes" ;)</p>



<a name="198303416"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design%20meeting%3A%20procedures/near/198303416" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design.20meeting.3A.20procedures.html#198303416">(May 21 2020 at 09:52)</a>:</h4>
<p>but I'm curious if you envisioned some other active state -- e.g., making a zulip thread or something?</p>



<a name="198305008"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design%20meeting%3A%20procedures/near/198305008" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design.20meeting.3A.20procedures.html#198305008">(May 21 2020 at 10:13)</a>:</h4>
<p><a href="https://hackmd.io/StXzJPw7SriuM4COL_YfEw">Draft rfc in this hackmd</a></p>



<a name="198349900"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design%20meeting%3A%20procedures/near/198349900" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Triplett <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design.20meeting.3A.20procedures.html#198349900">(May 21 2020 at 17:21)</a>:</h4>
<p>So, two separate notions:<br>
1) For "ideas" (not in proposal form yet and without someone specifically championing them) he team should have a wishlist, which belongs somewhere like the repository's <code>README.md</code> rather than open issues.<br>
2) In my opinion, proposals that someone has actually <em>proposed</em>, that the team is happy for someone to work on, and that someone's willing to be the liaison for, but for which all volunteered liaisons are fully occupied, should stay open so that they form a visible "backlog".</p>



<a name="198356149"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design%20meeting%3A%20procedures/near/198356149" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design.20meeting.3A.20procedures.html#198356149">(May 21 2020 at 18:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>/me thinks</p>



<a name="198356170"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design%20meeting%3A%20procedures/near/198356170" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design.20meeting.3A.20procedures.html#198356170">(May 21 2020 at 18:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>heh so one way to do this would be to leave a comment every so often :)</p>



<a name="198356176"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design%20meeting%3A%20procedures/near/198356176" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design.20meeting.3A.20procedures.html#198356176">(May 21 2020 at 18:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>"still thinking of doing this!"</p>



<a name="198928846"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design%20meeting%3A%20procedures/near/198928846" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design.20meeting.3A.20procedures.html#198928846">(May 27 2020 at 18:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>So I updated this <a href="https://hackmd.io/StXzJPw7SriuM4COL_YfEw?edit">draft proposal</a> today btw and I think it's getting close to move forward</p>



<a name="198928861"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design%20meeting%3A%20procedures/near/198928861" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design.20meeting.3A.20procedures.html#198928861">(May 27 2020 at 18:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>The one major question I'm wondering about is whether to RFC project group creation</p>



<a name="198928863"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design%20meeting%3A%20procedures/near/198928863" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design.20meeting.3A.20procedures.html#198928863">(May 27 2020 at 18:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm leaning towards "no"</p>



<a name="198928937"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design%20meeting%3A%20procedures/near/198928937" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design.20meeting.3A.20procedures.html#198928937">(May 27 2020 at 18:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>Though I think there is room for sometimes making a decision</p>



<a name="198929865"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design%20meeting%3A%20procedures/near/198929865" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> lcnr <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design.20meeting.3A.20procedures.html#198929865">(May 27 2020 at 18:09)</a>:</h4>
<blockquote>
<ul>
<li>If the MCP is a good fit, then a <strong>lang team liaison</strong> If the proposal is accepted, then a <strong>lang team liaison</strong> may opt to work with you.</li>
</ul>
</blockquote>
<p>Something like:<br>
 If the MCP is a good fit, then a <strong>lang team liaison</strong> may opt to accept it and work with you. (DONE)</p>



<a name="198930429"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design%20meeting%3A%20procedures/near/198930429" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> lcnr <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design.20meeting.3A.20procedures.html#198930429">(May 27 2020 at 18:13)</a>:</h4>
<blockquote>
<ul>
<li>
<p>The proposed solutions disproportionate to the scale of the problem.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>For example, the solutions may be too invasive or they will likely be too much work to implement, and we can't really envision solutions that would </p>
</li>
</ul>
</blockquote>
<p>would _____</p>



<a name="198941984"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design%20meeting%3A%20procedures/near/198941984" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design.20meeting.3A.20procedures.html#198941984">(May 27 2020 at 19:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>OK I made some major edits</p>



<a name="198942306"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design%20meeting%3A%20procedures/near/198942306" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design.20meeting.3A.20procedures.html#198942306">(May 27 2020 at 19:41)</a>:</h4>
<p>In particular, after some discussion and thought, I've adopted a workflow closer to the compiler team:</p>
<ul>
<li>create an issue with a gist, get a zulip stream</li>
<li>if we want to accept the proposal, you charter a project group with a PR against lang-team repo, this PR is FCP'd and can close the issue when it is merged</li>
</ul>
<p>This solves the "what is the formal decision point" question (the FCP'd PR) and also preserves what I think is a more familiar workflow (open an issue to represent an unresolved question, resolve with a PR). I think the idea of auto-merging PRs was nifty, but had some real downsides in practice (I left notes in the RFC about those).</p>



<a name="198942336"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design%20meeting%3A%20procedures/near/198942336" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design.20meeting.3A.20procedures.html#198942336">(May 27 2020 at 19:41)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm feeling good about the RFC now except that it doesn't include any diagram and I'd like one</p>



<a name="198942397"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design%20meeting%3A%20procedures/near/198942397" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design.20meeting.3A.20procedures.html#198942397">(May 27 2020 at 19:41)</a>:</h4>
<p>At this point I think the RFC is <em>almost</em> ready to merge</p>



<a name="198942455"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design%20meeting%3A%20procedures/near/198942455" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design.20meeting.3A.20procedures.html#198942455">(May 27 2020 at 19:42)</a>:</h4>
<p>One question I did hit: what is the "procdure" to decline a proposal?</p>



<a name="198942482"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design%20meeting%3A%20procedures/near/198942482" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design.20meeting.3A.20procedures.html#198942482">(May 27 2020 at 19:42)</a>:</h4>
<p>In particular, I think fcp close doesn't make sense, given that we will also auto-close after enough time</p>



<a name="198942500"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design%20meeting%3A%20procedures/near/198942500" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design.20meeting.3A.20procedures.html#198942500">(May 27 2020 at 19:42)</a>:</h4>
<p>I settled on something like</p>



<a name="198942529"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design%20meeting%3A%20procedures/near/198942529" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design.20meeting.3A.20procedures.html#198942529">(May 27 2020 at 19:42)</a>:</h4>
<ul>
<li>Post an explanation and then have an FCP period (sort of like seconding in the compiler-team)</li>
</ul>



<a name="198942598"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design%20meeting%3A%20procedures/near/198942598" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design.20meeting.3A.20procedures.html#198942598">(May 27 2020 at 19:43)</a>:</h4>
<p>I do feel like if we're going to post rationale, we need to leave space for people to respond and for us to consider that feedback</p>



<a name="198942631"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design%20meeting%3A%20procedures/near/198942631" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design.20meeting.3A.20procedures.html#198942631">(May 27 2020 at 19:43)</a>:</h4>
<p>but I also don't want to make it so that we're inclined not to post feedback because the procdural hassle is too much</p>



<a name="198942724"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design%20meeting%3A%20procedures/near/198942724" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design.20meeting.3A.20procedures.html#198942724">(May 27 2020 at 19:44)</a>:</h4>
<p>I guess I tend to think we should just post rationale and close but "without prejudice" in some sense</p>



<a name="198942773"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design%20meeting%3A%20procedures/near/198942773" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design.20meeting.3A.20procedures.html#198942773">(May 27 2020 at 19:44)</a>:</h4>
<p>though we could also just post rationale and let the auto-closed handle it :)</p>



<a name="198942906"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design%20meeting%3A%20procedures/near/198942906" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design.20meeting.3A.20procedures.html#198942906">(May 27 2020 at 19:45)</a>:</h4>
<p>In any case, I think I'm going to open the RFC soon</p>



<a name="198943287"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design%20meeting%3A%20procedures/near/198943287" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Triplett <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design.20meeting.3A.20procedures.html#198943287">(May 27 2020 at 19:48)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm hoping that issues rarely get auto-closed.</p>



<a name="198943390"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design%20meeting%3A%20procedures/near/198943390" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Triplett <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design.20meeting.3A.20procedures.html#198943390">(May 27 2020 at 19:48)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="116009">nikomatsakis</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design.20meeting.3A.20procedures/near/198942598">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>I do feel like if we're going to post rationale, we need to leave space for people to respond and for us to consider that feedback</p>
</blockquote>
<p>People can respond to a closed issue, and we can always reopen it. Closing doesn't prevent us from considering feedback, it just gets something off of our "we need to do something about this" queue.</p>



<a name="198943459"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design%20meeting%3A%20procedures/near/198943459" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Triplett <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design.20meeting.3A.20procedures.html#198943459">(May 27 2020 at 19:49)</a>:</h4>
<p>(And, of course, someone can also post a new proposal.)</p>



<a name="198943626"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design%20meeting%3A%20procedures/near/198943626" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Triplett <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design.20meeting.3A.20procedures.html#198943626">(May 27 2020 at 19:50)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm hoping that the lighter-weight proposal process, and in particular that we only have to agree "we're likely to accept a solution for this" without having to agree on a specific solution, will make it easy for us to either accept or reject proposals.</p>



<a name="198943718"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design%20meeting%3A%20procedures/near/198943718" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Triplett <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design.20meeting.3A.20procedures.html#198943718">(May 27 2020 at 19:51)</a>:</h4>
<p>We do need a path for "accept in principle but nobody has time", as well, and I'm hoping the github "board" and queues/labels help us with that.</p>



<a name="198945896"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design%20meeting%3A%20procedures/near/198945896" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design.20meeting.3A.20procedures.html#198945896">(May 27 2020 at 20:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>OK, I updated the text, although I do think leaving a comment and closing (without giving people a chance to respond) is a bad look.</p>



<a name="198945948"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design%20meeting%3A%20procedures/near/198945948" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design.20meeting.3A.20procedures.html#198945948">(May 27 2020 at 20:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think it'd be fine though to leave the comment, wait a bit, then close in a day or two</p>



<a name="198946140"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design%20meeting%3A%20procedures/near/198946140" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Triplett <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design.20meeting.3A.20procedures.html#198946140">(May 27 2020 at 20:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think leaving a comment and fcp-closing might be fine. Maybe even with a shorter time bound.</p>



<a name="198947286"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design%20meeting%3A%20procedures/near/198947286" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design.20meeting.3A.20procedures.html#198947286">(May 27 2020 at 20:19)</a>:</h4>
<p>We can revisit, but I think it's overkill.</p>



<a name="198947300"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design%20meeting%3A%20procedures/near/198947300" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design.20meeting.3A.20procedures.html#198947300">(May 27 2020 at 20:19)</a>:</h4>
<p>We've seen that we suck at closing RFCs</p>



<a name="198947349"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design%20meeting%3A%20procedures/near/198947349" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design.20meeting.3A.20procedures.html#198947349">(May 27 2020 at 20:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>OK, I think the hackmd is good now</p>



<a name="198950536"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design%20meeting%3A%20procedures/near/198950536" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design.20meeting.3A.20procedures.html#198950536">(May 27 2020 at 20:43)</a>:</h4>
<p><a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/pull/2936">https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/pull/2936</a></p>



<a name="198954616"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design%20meeting%3A%20procedures/near/198954616" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design.20meeting.3A.20procedures.html#198954616">(May 27 2020 at 21:17)</a>:</h4>
<p><a href="https://hackmd.io/nyM1kD7fTV2OiNeVokU0OA">Revised and simplified flowchart</a></p>



<a name="198955513"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design%20meeting%3A%20procedures/near/198955513" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Design.20meeting.3A.20procedures.html#198955513">(May 27 2020 at 21:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>Added some links into the RFC for it</p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 20:01 UTC</p>
</html>