<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>meeting agendas · t-lang · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/index.html">t-lang</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/meeting.20agendas.html">meeting agendas</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="205498868"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/meeting%20agendas/near/205498868" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/meeting.20agendas.html#205498868">(Jul 30 2020 at 16:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>So I was talking to <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116266">@Santiago Pastorino</span> about the tooling that they built for the compiler team prioritization working group. I want to adapt it to generate our triage meeting agenda</p>



<a name="205498892"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/meeting%20agendas/near/205498892" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/meeting.20agendas.html#205498892">(Jul 30 2020 at 16:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>Actually <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116266">@Santiago Pastorino</span> you mentioned maybe you can help :P</p>



<a name="205499032"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/meeting%20agendas/near/205499032" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/meeting.20agendas.html#205499032">(Jul 30 2020 at 16:14)</a>:</h4>
<p><a href="https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/T-Lang-Meeting-Current-meeting--A4uEnWRPEsgqDN2i3QzvNlyXAg-nRfrSxCbfeo9q7fEYogZQ#:uid=484128051656989512189486&amp;h2=Agenda">this section</a> of the dropbox paper doc describes our current agenda, which is just a bunch of queries I think we could readily manage using the triagebot infrastructure that you already built up</p>



<a name="205501903"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/meeting%20agendas/near/205501903" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/meeting.20agendas.html#205501903">(Jul 30 2020 at 16:38)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="116009">nikomatsakis</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/meeting.20agendas/near/205498892">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>Actually <span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="116266">Santiago Pastorino</span> you mentioned maybe you can help :P</p>
</blockquote>
<p>definitely, do not waste time trying to understand the code and adapting things and all that :)</p>



<a name="205502100"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/meeting%20agendas/near/205502100" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/meeting.20agendas.html#205502100">(Jul 30 2020 at 16:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>what I think I could do is to setup a structure on triagebot that could work for you and then you guys adjust it to your specific needs and write the agenda template</p>



<a name="205506093"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/meeting%20agendas/near/205506093" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Léo Lanteri Thauvin <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/meeting.20agendas.html#205506093">(Jul 30 2020 at 17:17)</a>:</h4>
<p><em>Triagebot is taking over</em></p>



<a name="205512080"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/meeting%20agendas/near/205512080" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/meeting.20agendas.html#205512080">(Jul 30 2020 at 18:07)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116009">@nikomatsakis</span> hey, just had a couple of minutes and did something ...</p>



<a name="205512163"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/meeting%20agendas/near/205512163" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/meeting.20agendas.html#205512163">(Jul 30 2020 at 18:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>probably has something wrong because I did it quick and dirty</p>



<a name="205512244"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/meeting%20agendas/near/205512244" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/meeting.20agendas.html#205512244">(Jul 30 2020 at 18:08)</a>:</h4>
<div class="codehilite"><pre><span></span><code>[santiago@galago triagebot (add-lang-agenda-structure)]$ cargo run --bin lang-agenda
   Compiling triagebot v0.1.0 (/home/santiago/src/oss/triagebot)
    Finished dev [unoptimized + debuginfo] target(s) in 7.47s
     Running `target/debug/lang-agenda`
setting logger
# T-lang meeting agenda

## Newly created RFCs
  - &quot;Objects should be upcastable to supertraits&quot; [rfcs#2765](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/2765)
  - &quot;Consider infering floats from integer literals&quot; [rfcs#260](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/260)
  - &quot;newtype / generalized newtype deriving&quot; [rfcs#261](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/261)
  - &quot;RFC: Extend pattern syntax&quot; [rfcs#263](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/263)
  - &quot;FromLiteral&quot; [rfcs#265](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/265)
  - &quot;Reintroduce &#39;do&#39; keyword as sugar for nested match statements&quot; [rfcs#267](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/267)
  - &quot;RFC: Uninitialized Pointers&quot; [rfcs#268](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/268)
  - &quot;RFC: Coercible and HasPrefix for Zero Cost Coercions&quot; [rfcs#270](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/270)
  - &quot;RFC: Private trait items&quot; [rfcs#275](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/275)
  - &quot;RFC: Enum trait&quot; [rfcs#284](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/284)
  - &quot;`#[no_override]` for default methods&quot; [rfcs#291](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/291)
  - &quot;Anonymous sum types&quot; [rfcs#294](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/294)
  - &quot;RFC: Allow inference of argument/return value in trait impls&quot; [rfcs#309](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/309)
  - &quot;Idea: &quot;compact&quot; enums and structs&quot; [rfcs#311](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/311)
  - &quot;support bit fields for C interop&quot; [rfcs#314](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/314)
  - &quot;Cross-memory model data&quot; [rfcs#318](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/318)
  - &quot;Wishlist: functions with keyword args, optional args, and/or variable-arity argument (varargs) lists&quot; [rfcs#323](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/323)
  - &quot;Higher kinded polymorphism&quot; [rfcs#324](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/324)
  - &quot;Add support for bit data&quot; [rfcs#346](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/346)
  - &quot;Allow nested C-like enums with user control over layout&quot; [rfcs#347](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/347)
  - &quot;Make `bool` an `enum`&quot; [rfcs#348](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/348)
  - &quot;Efficient code reuse&quot; [rfcs#349](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/349)
  - &quot;Improve cross-borrowing ergonomics&quot; [rfcs#368](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/368)
  - &quot;Destructuring assignment&quot; [rfcs#372](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/372)
  - &quot;Explicit refutable `let`: `let`..`else`&quot; [rfcs#373](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/373)
  - &quot;Array splicing&quot; [rfcs#374](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/374)
  - &quot;Draft RFC: variadic generics&quot; [rfcs#376](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/376)
  - &quot;Unsafe fields&quot; [rfcs#381](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/381)
  - &quot;Explicit lifetimes&quot; [rfcs#389](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/389)
  - &quot;implement scope guards, as a syntax ext or language feature&quot; [rfcs#394](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/394)
  - &quot;UFCS RFC needs to be clearer about method call syntax&quot; [rfcs#395](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/395)
  - &quot;macro_rules should expose accessors for total iteration count and current iteration number&quot; [rfcs#407](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/407)
  - &quot;Consider some form of extensible enums&quot; [rfcs#409](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/409)
  - &quot;How `box` should work&quot; [rfcs#413](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/413)
  - &quot;&quot;Mutability polymorphism&quot;&quot; [rfcs#414](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/414)
  - &quot;Garbage collection&quot; [rfcs#415](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/415)
  - &quot;Support for intrusive data structures and unmoveable types&quot; [rfcs#417](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/417)
  - &quot;Struct properties&quot; [rfcs#419](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/419)
  - &quot;More flexible operator overloading&quot; [rfcs#420](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/420)
  - &quot;Parametrise modules&quot; [rfcs#424](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/424)
  - &quot;Macros should have an operator type&quot; [rfcs#426](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/426)
  - &quot;Improve unsafe ergonomics&quot; [rfcs#433](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/433)
  - &quot;#[deriving(PartialEq, Eq, Show, Clone, Hash, PartialOrd, Ord, Default, Encodable, Decodable)] is too verbose&quot; [rfcs#441](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/441)
  - &quot;partially initialized structs in local variables, similar to partially moved structs, perhaps should be possible&quot; [rfcs#448](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/448)
  - &quot;Support &#39;..&#39; syntax in closures&quot; [rfcs#465](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/465)
  - &quot;Consider making shadowing of type/lifetime parameters a lint&quot; [rfcs#489](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/489)
  - &quot;Crates should allow private impl of external traits for external structs &quot; [rfcs#493](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/493)
  - &quot;Match destructuring in alternations should be generic over types&quot; [rfcs#525](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/525)
  - &quot;rust should support an extract-method refactoring&quot; [rfcs#562](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/562)
  - &quot;Improve associated type ergonomics&quot; [rfcs#585](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/585)
  - &quot;unassigned values for enums should be smarter about finding new options&quot; [rfcs#598](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/598)
  - &quot;Native C++ FFI in the same manner as D&quot; [rfcs#602](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/602)
  - &quot;Test functions should work when defined inside other functions&quot; [rfcs#612](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/612)
  - &quot;OpenCL support&quot; [rfcs#614](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/614)
  - &quot;Allow a minimum complete implementation to be specified for mutually recursive default methods&quot; [rfcs#628](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/628)
  - &quot;Pattern matching on unsafe pointers doesn&#39;t work&quot; [rfcs#641](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/641)
  - &quot;Add a lint for shadowed names&quot; [rfcs#660](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/660)
  - &quot;make runtime library loading safer&quot; [rfcs#661](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/661)
  - &quot;Encodable trait objects&quot; [rfcs#668](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/668)
  - &quot;Range types for integers (or refinement types?)&quot; [rfcs#671](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/671)
  - &quot;Add a macro non-terminal for the interior of a block&quot; [rfcs#672](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/672)
  - &quot;RFC: Can we make drop glue for recursive types not stack overflow?&quot; [rfcs#686](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/686)
  - &quot;It&#39;s not possible to get the size of the offset from an arbitrary structure to it&#39;s field.&quot; [rfcs#710](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/710)
  - &quot;Potential generalization of destructing struct destructuring&quot; [rfcs#713](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/713)
  - &quot;Attribute for &quot;swapping&quot; types in tests, making dependency injecting easier &quot; [rfcs#714](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/714)
  - &quot;Add a way to fail the process on `panic!`&quot; [rfcs#715](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/715)
  - &quot;include! macro fails if included file has top-level inner attributes&quot; [rfcs#752](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/752)
  - &quot;Add datasort refinements to Rust&quot; [rfcs#754](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/754)
  - &quot;A macro fragment matcher analogous to right-hand side of a match arm&quot; [rfcs#773](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/773)
  - &quot;[UR] local storage inside function&quot; [rfcs#795](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/795)
  - &quot;RFC: Add linear type facility&quot; [rfcs#814](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/814)
  - &quot;cfg meta variables&quot; [rfcs#831](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/831)
  - &quot;Conditionally-Revoked Borrows&quot; [rfcs#881](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/881)
  - &quot;Don’t require explicitly initialising zero-sized types&quot; [rfcs#896](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/896)
  - &quot;Consider tuple iteration&quot; [rfcs#930](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/930)
  - &quot;More robust treatment of uncaught panics for child threads&quot; [rfcs#946](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/946)
  - &quot;Ability to pass ownership of unsized types&quot; [rfcs#990](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/990)
  - &quot;Escape chars for use as separators in macros&quot; [rfcs#991](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/991)
  - &quot;Extending deref/index with ownership transfer: DerefMove, IndexMove, IndexSet&quot; [rfcs#997](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/997)
  - &quot;Owned references to contents in an earlier stack frame (`&amp;own`, `&amp;move`, etc)&quot; [rfcs#998](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/998)
  - &quot;Allow `as` in match statements&quot; [rfcs#1009](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/1009)
  - &quot;Finally blocks for safer, faster, and clearer unsafe code&quot; [rfcs#1010](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/1010)
  - &quot;Generic structs with additional fields for certain type constraints&quot; [rfcs#1021](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/1021)
  - &quot;Serializable Lambda expression&quot; [rfcs#1022](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/1022)
  - &quot;Allow a trait to implement its parent trait&quot; [rfcs#1024](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/1024)
  - &quot;Improve the `fn` pointer types&quot; [rfcs#1037](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/1037)
  - &quot;More flexible coherence rules that permit overlap&quot; [rfcs#1053](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/1053)
  - &quot;consider changing size of empty enum to usize::MAX&quot; [rfcs#1076](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/1076)
  - &quot;Design By Contract&quot; [rfcs#1077](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/1077)
  - &quot;Implement first-class continuations&quot; [rfcs#1082](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/1082)
</code></pre></div>



<a name="205512265"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/meeting%20agendas/near/205512265" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/meeting.20agendas.html#205512265">(Jul 30 2020 at 18:08)</a>:</h4>
<div class="codehilite"><pre><span></span><code>  - &quot;Allow safe impls of `unsafe trait` default traits to assert that the implementation exists&quot; [rfcs#1086](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/1086)
  - &quot;Deterministic parallel execution of native threads&quot; [rfcs#1090](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/1090)
  - &quot;Extend interior mutability (e.g. Cell) for better composition with other types.&quot; [rfcs#1106](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/1106)
  - &quot;Trait attribute that asserts no blanket impl will be added&quot; [rfcs#1113](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/1113)
  - &quot;A trait which is implemented only by raw trait objects&quot; [rfcs#1115](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/1115)
  - &quot;Allow FRU for types that are Copy OR types that are not Drop&quot; [rfcs#1117](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/1117)
  - &quot;Relax Trait Coherence rules to allow the implementation of a trait on generic types where the type must impl another trait owned by the current crate&quot; [rfcs#1124](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/1124)
  - &quot;OIBIT behaviour with primitives (specifically references) doesn&#39;t seem perfected&quot; [rfcs#1132](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/1132)
  - &quot;Allocator adaptors for building strings and vectors with shared ownership.&quot; [rfcs#1138](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/1138)
  - &quot;Recursive and unsized enums&quot; [rfcs#1151](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/1151)

## Nominated RFCs
  - &quot;RFC: Overconstraining and omitting `unsafe` in impls of `unsafe` trait methods&quot; [rfcs#2316](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/pull/2316)

## P-high issues
  - &quot;Coherence can be bypassed by an indirect impl for a trait object&quot; [rust#57893](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/57893)
  - &quot;Lifetime bounds in auto trait impls prevent trait from being implemented on generators&quot; [rust#64552](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/64552)

## Nominated PRs
  - &quot;[CRATER] make `ConstEvaluatable` more strict&quot; [rust#74595](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/74595)

## Nominated issues
  - &quot;[CRATER] make `ConstEvaluatable` more strict&quot; [rust#74595](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/74595)
</code></pre></div>



<a name="205512684"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/meeting%20agendas/near/205512684" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jack Huey <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/meeting.20agendas.html#205512684">(Jul 30 2020 at 18:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>So many "new" RFCs <span aria-label="astonished" class="emoji emoji-1f632" role="img" title="astonished">:astonished:</span><span aria-label="joy" class="emoji emoji-1f602" role="img" title="joy">:joy:</span></p>



<a name="205513043"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/meeting%20agendas/near/205513043" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/meeting.20agendas.html#205513043">(Jul 30 2020 at 18:15)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="232957">@Jack Huey</span> right, so ... I think Niko's queries are not 100% complete</p>



<a name="205513080"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/meeting%20agendas/near/205513080" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/meeting.20agendas.html#205513080">(Jul 30 2020 at 18:15)</a>:</h4>
<p>my guess is that he checks the full list and figures out quickly which are news</p>



<a name="205513152"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/meeting%20agendas/near/205513152" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/meeting.20agendas.html#205513152">(Jul 30 2020 at 18:15)</a>:</h4>
<p>in prioritization-wg we've used two things for that, one was date based queries to check what's new and what's not, but lately we ended using a <code>to-announce</code> label</p>



<a name="205513237"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/meeting%20agendas/near/205513237" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/meeting.20agendas.html#205513237">(Jul 30 2020 at 18:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>I've just copied the queries verbatim but this is what I meant with ... I'd leave this up to you people to tweak it :)</p>



<a name="205513259"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/meeting%20agendas/near/205513259" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/meeting.20agendas.html#205513259">(Jul 30 2020 at 18:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>I was referring to queries and the template</p>



<a name="205513288"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/meeting%20agendas/near/205513288" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/meeting.20agendas.html#205513288">(Jul 30 2020 at 18:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>here lives the code <a href="https://github.com/spastorino/triagebot/tree/add-lang-agenda-structure">https://github.com/spastorino/triagebot/tree/add-lang-agenda-structure</a></p>



<a name="205513344"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/meeting%20agendas/near/205513344" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/meeting.20agendas.html#205513344">(Jul 30 2020 at 18:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>and this <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/triagebot/commit/40366c138f08398f741ef6ac12d9c28749616a60">https://github.com/rust-lang/triagebot/commit/40366c138f08398f741ef6ac12d9c28749616a60</a> is specifically what needs to be done to dump a new agenda</p>



<a name="205513416"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/meeting%20agendas/near/205513416" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/meeting.20agendas.html#205513416">(Jul 30 2020 at 18:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>I've said this already but if someone wants to improve the code and move all that repetition to a toml file that's more than welcome :)</p>



<a name="205513441"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/meeting%20agendas/near/205513441" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/meeting.20agendas.html#205513441">(Jul 30 2020 at 18:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>it should take me too long but I've been lazy :)</p>



<a name="205524788"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/meeting%20agendas/near/205524788" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/meeting.20agendas.html#205524788">(Jul 30 2020 at 19:55)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116266">@Santiago Pastorino</span> yeah the "new RFCs"... well .. that is not right, but that's ok, I can cut it down</p>



<a name="205524842"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/meeting%20agendas/near/205524842" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/meeting.20agendas.html#205524842">(Jul 30 2020 at 19:56)</a>:</h4>
<p>and eventually I think that will be less relevant as we get a better procedure</p>



<a name="205524860"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/meeting%20agendas/near/205524860" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/meeting.20agendas.html#205524860">(Jul 30 2020 at 19:56)</a>:</h4>
<p>thanks <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116266">@Santiago Pastorino</span></p>



<a name="205524979"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/meeting%20agendas/near/205524979" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/meeting.20agendas.html#205524979">(Jul 30 2020 at 19:57)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116009">@nikomatsakis</span> let me know if you need more help with the code or something</p>



<a name="205532317"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/meeting%20agendas/near/205532317" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> DPC <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/meeting.20agendas.html#205532317">(Jul 30 2020 at 21:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>After "Backlog Bonanza" comes "RFC Bonanza"? <span aria-label="grinning" class="emoji emoji-1f600" role="img" title="grinning">:grinning:</span></p>



<a name="205591243"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/meeting%20agendas/near/205591243" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/meeting.20agendas.html#205591243">(Jul 31 2020 at 13:44)</a>:</h4>
<p>opened <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/triagebot/pull/740">https://github.com/rust-lang/triagebot/pull/740</a></p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 20:01 UTC</p>
</html>