[
    {
        "content": "<p>Hey, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116122\">@simulacrum</span> and <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"121055\">@Pietro Albini</span> : I had impression that the release team had taken steps, or had planned action items at least, to address some of the confusion that led to the fingerprint ICE being miscategorized with 1.53 when it really was in 1.52. Do you have a link to the discussion of those steps/action items? I just now skimmed everthing in #t-release zulip since the 1.52.0 release and nothing stood out at me as a definitive list.</p>",
        "id": 243837486,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1624564234
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(its possible the discussion was on a completely different stream, of course. I'm just not a position to skim all zulip traffic over that time period)</p>",
        "id": 243837559,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1624564281
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hm, I'm not sure we're actively taking steps to particularly tackle that confusion (beyond \"well, check harder if you want to be certain\")</p>",
        "id": 243837655,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1624564322
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh okay!</p>",
        "id": 243837680,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1624564330
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the main points of order are in issues on <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/release-team\">https://github.com/rust-lang/release-team</a></p>",
        "id": 243837687,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1624564336
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that said, we are loosely planning steps to keep a better eye on regressions that we <em>do</em> know about</p>",
        "id": 243837716,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1624564357
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>perfect, <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/release-team/issues/10\">https://github.com/rust-lang/release-team/issues/10</a> is I think what I was looking for, thanks!</p>",
        "id": 243837741,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1624564371
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>There's also been some talk about increasing our asks for people to use beta if they can locally so we can get more reports</p>",
        "id": 243837825,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1624564423
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or having pre-releases earlier in the cycle</p>",
        "id": 243837841,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1624564431
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>none of those ideas have crystallized yet though</p>",
        "id": 243837917,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1624564453
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span> also, we asked github to enable for us the new issues beta</p>",
        "id": 243848413,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1624569631
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>hopefully  that'll have better support for what we need</p>",
        "id": 243848455,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1624569662
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"/user_uploads/4715/gZ18hRWeVvTp3VaUQcrpkqJW/DCC3CD1F-D279-4AAC-902A-8F83452CD223.jpg\">DCC3CD1F-D279-4AAC-902A-8F83452CD223.jpg</a></p>\n<div class=\"message_inline_image\"><a href=\"/user_uploads/4715/gZ18hRWeVvTp3VaUQcrpkqJW/DCC3CD1F-D279-4AAC-902A-8F83452CD223.jpg\" title=\"DCC3CD1F-D279-4AAC-902A-8F83452CD223.jpg\"><img src=\"/user_uploads/4715/gZ18hRWeVvTp3VaUQcrpkqJW/DCC3CD1F-D279-4AAC-902A-8F83452CD223.jpg\"></a></div>",
        "id": 243881452,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1624604132
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think itâ€™s been enabled?</p>",
        "id": 243881465,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1624604158
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I <em>think</em> task lists are enabled everywhere</p>",
        "id": 243884846,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1624607108
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>can't see a way to create new beta projects</p>",
        "id": 243884862,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1624607123
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, task lists are also enabled for cg_clif.</p>",
        "id": 243896303,
        "sender_full_name": "bjorn3",
        "timestamp": 1624615534
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>#NNNN also filling in the issue/PR title is really nice</p>",
        "id": 243896828,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1624615865
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>But unfortunately not really preserved e.g. in a commit message referencing the issue, so you'll end up with duplication there.</p>",
        "id": 243903249,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1624620624
    }
]