[
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"2907\">@T-release</span> meeting!</p>",
        "id": 202105241,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1593185405
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"120823\">@DPC</span> -- triage update?</p>",
        "id": 202105334,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1593185462
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>nothing much to report. A few prs piling up some of which are re-assigned</p>",
        "id": 202105397,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1593185491
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>thanks!</p>",
        "id": 202105516,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1593185533
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>let me know if I should help out reassigning or whatever</p>",
        "id": 202105532,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1593185546
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay, moving on, we have no nominated or beta-nominated things to address</p>",
        "id": 202105565,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1593185567
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>there is one stable nom (<a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/73485\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/73485</a>) but it's a diagnostics fix I think</p>",
        "id": 202105610,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1593185588
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>sure (the reports are in <a class=\"stream\" data-stream-id=\"242269\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/242269-t-release.2Ftriage\">#t-release/triage</a> in case anyone wants to review any of those prs or reassign them, feel free)</p>",
        "id": 202105617,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1593185590
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so not worth a .2 release</p>",
        "id": 202105632,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1593185594
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we also have the next stable relatively close</p>",
        "id": 202105677,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1593185614
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yep</p>",
        "id": 202105689,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1593185617
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so I'll leave a comment rejecting stable backport from t-release side, if you disagree please click the stop sign</p>",
        "id": 202105802,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1593185657
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It's an old bug apparently, so why would it be urgent enough for stable backport?</p>",
        "id": 202105898,
        "sender_full_name": "cuviper",
        "timestamp": 1593185736
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think Esteban has been basically stable-nominating any stable-stable regressions? not sure</p>",
        "id": 202105932,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1593185757
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>regression fixes, that is</p>",
        "id": 202105973,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1593185763
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay, moving on -- we have an agenda today (!) beyond regular checkins</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Move the pre-release announcement posts to inside rust, just posting a link on internals<br>\n    - “official team communication” feels like it belongs on inside rust, also maybe easier to syndicate exclusively (e.g. in RSS feeds or whatever)</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 202106045,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1593185822
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>this is something I was thinking about -- does anyone feel we shouldn't do this? it'll probably be a little more work to do so, I guess, but seems like \"the thing to do\"</p>",
        "id": 202106136,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1593185877
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm definitely in favor of this, the more content for the blog the better IMO.</p>",
        "id": 202106209,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1593185891
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It seems fine, but in general I feel like not many teams visit internals, which makes the forum less useful. It's not _really_ where internal discussion happens...</p>",
        "id": 202106408,
        "sender_full_name": "cuviper",
        "timestamp": 1593185974
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah, I agree with that -- there's too much going on internals to make it a good place for detailed discussion I think</p>",
        "id": 202106530,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1593186001
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but anyway, seems like no objections to this</p>",
        "id": 202106646,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1593186035
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Internals is a tough place to keep track of what's happening, so agreed</p>",
        "id": 202106674,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1593186054
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the blog post for 1.45 is being worked on by Steve, and I let him know that <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"120076\">@BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)</span> is available to help out</p>",
        "id": 202106712,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1593186077
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"301348\">@Elinvynia</span> had mentioned privately in the past that they would like to volunteer on <del>release notes </del> blog post as well</p>",
        "id": 202106765,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1593186107
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think this time it's my turn for the actual release?</p>",
        "id": 202106787,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1593186120
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"121055\">@Pietro Albini</span> hm yeah I think I did the last two (including point release)? Happy to have someone else do it of course :)</p>",
        "id": 202106872,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1593186148
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah sure I'll do it!</p>",
        "id": 202106889,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1593186157
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"120823\">@DPC</span> you mean blog post?</p>",
        "id": 202106901,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1593186166
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeh</p>",
        "id": 202106913,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1593186172
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay, well, we'll probably pop open a topic here to coordinate that once a draft is ready</p>",
        "id": 202106997,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1593186229
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>does anyone have any other items to bring up?</p>",
        "id": 202107013,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1593186241
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we should archive the discord channel :D</p>",
        "id": 202107121,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1593186298
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>hm I thought I had done that</p>",
        "id": 202107143,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1593186311
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Looks like I just need to move it</p>",
        "id": 202107219,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1593186351
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and maybe discuss if we are bringing rollups and crater channels here</p>",
        "id": 202107222,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1593186353
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or leaving them on discord</p>",
        "id": 202107233,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1593186362
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'll do that after the meeting. I think rollups and crater are more t-infra personally</p>",
        "id": 202107287,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1593186373
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeh <span aria-label=\"slight smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f642\" role=\"img\" title=\"slight smile\">:slight_smile:</span></p>",
        "id": 202107313,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1593186387
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(rollups less so perhaps)</p>",
        "id": 202107323,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1593186392
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Anything else?</p>",
        "id": 202107342,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1593186403
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>sounds like no, thanks all for attending! <span aria-label=\"wave\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44b\" role=\"img\" title=\"wave\">:wave:</span></p>",
        "id": 202107501,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1593186483
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Sorry for seeing this so late I'm happy to help with anything release related :)</p>",
        "id": 202228322,
        "sender_full_name": "Elinvynia",
        "timestamp": 1593336445
    }
]