[
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"2907\">@T-release</span> meeting!</p>",
        "id": 203521169,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1594395009
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>o/</p>",
        "id": 203521188,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1594395016
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"120823\">@DPC</span> -- triage checkin?</p>",
        "id": 203521332,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1594395093
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>nothing much to report. had a routine monthly meeting on wed with the team.</p>",
        "id": 203521388,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1594395119
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay, great. moving on -- we have a release next week</p>",
        "id": 203521573,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1594395191
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I believe <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"121055\">@Pietro Albini</span> is running it?</p>",
        "id": 203521586,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1594395199
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah</p>",
        "id": 203521593,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1594395203
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that should be it</p>",
        "id": 203521604,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1594395208
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I just r+'d the last round of backports, and touched base with Steve -- we should have a draft for the blog sometime today, I think</p>",
        "id": 203521626,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1594395226
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So I think we should be good to go</p>",
        "id": 203521699,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1594395254
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Anyone have something else to bring up?</p>",
        "id": 203521753,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1594395284
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>toolstate is broken, but i think the team is working on fixing it (Rls + rustfmt)</p>",
        "id": 203521778,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1594395299
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Maybe the Linux platform support? Not sure who needs to weigh in on that. (Dropping RHEL5)</p>",
        "id": 203521855,
        "sender_full_name": "cuviper",
        "timestamp": 1594395331
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Okay -- I'll try and ping some folks after the meeting wrt to toolstate to confirm that it's on its way to being fixed</p>",
        "id": 203521938,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1594395363
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"138448\">@cuviper</span> I'm not sure. Maybe we should just FCP it for release team?</p>",
        "id": 203521984,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1594395382
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Anyone have thoughts on how we should approve that change?</p>",
        "id": 203522018,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1594395401
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Do you want an issue on the release team repo for that?</p>",
        "id": 203522119,
        "sender_full_name": "cuviper",
        "timestamp": 1594395459
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>hm I don't think so, or at least not sure we'd get much out of that</p>",
        "id": 203522148,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1594395478
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I was going to directly FCP the PR</p>",
        "id": 203522206,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1594395491
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ok</p>",
        "id": 203522212,
        "sender_full_name": "cuviper",
        "timestamp": 1594395494
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'll do that after the meeting, and if folks feel that we should be doing something different, feel free to raise a concern, I'm definitely open to alternatives as well</p>",
        "id": 203522316,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1594395569
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Anything else?</p>",
        "id": 203522459,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1594395640
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think it would also help to document how we'll decide this in the future. Right now it's basically that Red Hat and SUSE stakeholders agree on this baseline.</p>",
        "id": 203522464,
        "sender_full_name": "cuviper",
        "timestamp": 1594395641
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Maybe that's enough, but we could make that clear.</p>",
        "id": 203522514,
        "sender_full_name": "cuviper",
        "timestamp": 1594395674
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It seems reasonable to say that basically we try to provide a baseline of support that works for downstream distros, though I would maybe not restrict the set just to Red Hat and SUSE -- though we could make it so that we check in with both by default at least</p>",
        "id": 203522709,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1594395776
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Maybe a PR against the platform support page on forge or something could work, or just an informal document in the release team repo</p>",
        "id": 203522764,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1594395797
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I guess we could approve an RFC to that effect)</p>",
        "id": 203522792,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1594395814
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Those two just have the longest support requirements, that's all.</p>",
        "id": 203522797,
        "sender_full_name": "cuviper",
        "timestamp": 1594395816
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>In the short term I'll fcp the PR, but I agree it would be good to formalize the constraints here. I think an RFC could be a good fit for doing so -- I might try and find time to sketch a draft</p>",
        "id": 203522923,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1594395864
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(or if you want to <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"138448\">@cuviper</span>, that'd be amazing!)</p>",
        "id": 203522937,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1594395875
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I can take that on</p>",
        "id": 203522962,
        "sender_full_name": "cuviper",
        "timestamp": 1594395893
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Let's call the meeting here then. Thanks all!</p>",
        "id": 203523019,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1594395925
    }
]