[
    {
        "content": "<p>meeting in 8 minutes...</p>",
        "id": 208356618,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1598628146
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"2907\">@T-release</span> meeting!</p>",
        "id": 208357702,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1598628628
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Okay, let's get started. We have no nominated issues for today, but several items on the agenda.</p>",
        "id": 208357998,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1598628760
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li><code>cargo update</code> in rust-lang/rust<br>\n    - Good to do right after a release for maximal testing time in nightly<br>\n    - Currently not often done by Pietro and I, I suspect both due to lack of motivation and time<br>\n    - Maybe someone would be willing to step up to run this? It ideally does need a “Trusted Person” because of the faithfulness of representation of the changes in the dependencies bumped:<br>\n        - Probably some sort of policy should be written up for “what makes sufficient code review?”<br>\n        - Is anyone willing to champion that work?<br>\n        - Should this even be t-release responsibility?</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 208358058,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1598628786
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"121055\">@Pietro Albini</span> -- I presume you didn't do the last step on release process today, right? (i.e., cargo update)</p>",
        "id": 208358099,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1598628807
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>\"what makes sufficient code review\" for Rust itself? Should that be a compiler team decision?</p>",
        "id": 208358271,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1598628874
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Perhaps, yeah, I'm not sure. Basically -- we are updating or adding foreign crates, what sort of vetting do we expect?</p>",
        "id": 208358352,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1598628911
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It certainly seems like a T-compiler decision.</p>",
        "id": 208358365,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1598628921
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116122\">@simulacrum</span> nope</p>",
        "id": 208358412,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1598628944
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Oh, that kind of code review. I thought it was something about PRs</p>",
        "id": 208358429,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1598628952
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think that's kinda the compiler team's responsibility?</p>",
        "id": 208358496,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1598628972
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I am leaning towards saying that we should strike this from T-release responsibility, and I can bring it up with compiler team as something that they should figure out how to do (both process and review etc)</p>",
        "id": 208358508,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1598628978
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Is anyone opposed to that?</p>",
        "id": 208358518,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1598628987
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I didn't even realize this was on our list. It's a compiler implementation detail.</p>",
        "id": 208358633,
        "sender_full_name": "cuviper",
        "timestamp": 1598629050
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, it was historically on the release process as an action item for fridays</p>",
        "id": 208358796,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1598629102
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Though we've not done it for many releases now</p>",
        "id": 208358824,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1598629114
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Okay, sounds like there is no opposition so I'll follow up on this</p>",
        "id": 208358854,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1598629129
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The next item on the agenda:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Objections to removing regression-from-stable-to-* in favor of regression-in-1.x labels?<br>\n    - We would likely want to add a bunch of labels into the future now<br>\n    - It seems like we constantly need to think about how to switch labels after a release, and what they mean.<br>\n    - We could also re-compute the regression-from-stable-to-xxx labels via triagebot (or other automation) after releases and when adding a regression-in-1.x label<br>\n    - Mark can gather consensus from T-compiler (likely mostly WG-prioritization) as well, if we think this is good</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 208358899,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1598629160
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>When would these labels be removed again?</p>",
        "id": 208358959,
        "sender_full_name": "Jonas Schievink  [he/him]",
        "timestamp": 1598629196
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think \"replacing\" is the better word</p>",
        "id": 208359011,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1598629209
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>As <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"121055\">@Pietro Albini</span> discovered with this release cycle we often have leftover regression-from-stable-to-beta that are actually stable/stable</p>",
        "id": 208359052,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1598629242
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so, I think having a <code>to-beta</code> and  <code>to-nightly</code> is useful</p>",
        "id": 208359098,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1598629267
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah, that's why I have the \"recompute dynamically\" item</p>",
        "id": 208359130,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1598629292
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(though that could be done with just links that choose the right version for the current date, I guess)</p>",
        "id": 208359172,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1598629319
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>a thing we could do is add the appropriate milestone as soon as a regression- label is added</p>",
        "id": 208359175,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1598629321
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>my worry is that if we only look at regression-from-stable-to-beta, for example, we could miss an issue tagged -to-nightly because it's associated with the wrong release</p>",
        "id": 208359253,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1598629351
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I would not be opposed to attaching milestones</p>",
        "id": 208359262,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1598629358
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(they might be a better feature here)</p>",
        "id": 208359276,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1598629366
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>then every time a git tag is pushed triagebot goes through all the issues and reapplies the to-{stable,beta,nightly} labels</p>",
        "id": 208359300,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1598629379
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>seems reasonable, though not sure about the trigger</p>",
        "id": 208359356,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1598629411
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it can also be a daily cron, or whatever</p>",
        "id": 208359388,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1598629424
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>what's easier on the impl side, as long as it runs after the release</p>",
        "id": 208359410,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1598629438
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I do like that milestones are sort of transparent to any existing searches</p>",
        "id": 208359417,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1598629439
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Okay, I will explore milestones.</p>",
        "id": 208359510,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1598629466
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(that's why I suggested git tags, it happens exactly at the right moment, and triagebot already receives an hook for it)</p>",
        "id": 208359511,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1598629468
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I also wanted to bring up -- how do people feel about triagebot automatically attaching a milestone to every merged PR with the release it merges into, with the assumption that beta (or stable) backports would update those milestones after merging?</p>",
        "id": 208359639,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1598629536
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I believe <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"219696\">@XAMPPRocky</span> has asked for something like this in the past for relnotes</p>",
        "id": 208359669,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1598629558
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it needs to be careful around stable/beta promotion</p>",
        "id": 208359738,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1598629576
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think it should just work, but we can dig into the details offline -- do you think it's a bad idea in general though?</p>",
        "id": 208359822,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1598629617
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh that's great</p>",
        "id": 208359895,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1598629648
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm kinda wondering about solving the issue of \"a PR fixing a nightly regression was merged after the beta cutoff, so we forgot to backport it\"</p>",
        "id": 208360048,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1598629700
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but that's even more stuff thrown in, so we can do it next time if you feel you already have a lot of impl work to do :)</p>",
        "id": 208360127,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1598629734
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I love the idea -- I often end up digging up PR merge commit IDs so I can figure out which branch/tags contain it</p>",
        "id": 208360167,
        "sender_full_name": "cuviper",
        "timestamp": 1598629755
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I <em>think</em> with the milestoning it should be possible, in theory, to build a search query into triagebot that says \"regression\" + closed by PR X, milestoned differently from the issue</p>",
        "id": 208360306,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1598629804
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay -- that's all I had. Does anyone have something to bring up?</p>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"261224\">@triagebot</span> await</p>",
        "id": 208360384,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1598629837
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Does anyone have something to add on this topic, or should we move on?<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"working on it\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f6e0\" role=\"img\" title=\"working on it\">:working_on_it:</span> if you have something to say.<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"all good\" class=\"emoji emoji-2705\" role=\"img\" title=\"all good\">:all_good:</span> if we should move on.</p>",
        "id": 208360387,
        "sender_full_name": "triagebot",
        "timestamp": 1598629838
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the idea I had was for triagebot to go through all the regressions issues, follow all the links to the PRs, and post a comment \"hey this seems like a regression fix (it was mentioned in a regression issue), but the {beta,stable} cutoff happened. automatically applying the {beta,stable}-nominated label\"</p>",
        "id": 208360551,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1598629914
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>/end</p>",
        "id": 208360626,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1598629937
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah that wouldn't be too hard once we had the search query :)</p>",
        "id": 208360645,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1598629950
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>also, I'm going to have a PR up updating the list of reviewers on thanks soon</p>",
        "id": 208360712,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1598629992
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(had some time to pass while waiting for the release to be done)</p>",
        "id": 208360724,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1598630003
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I've been meaning to get around to that</p>",
        "id": 208360730,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1598630006
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(we should somehow automate it)</p>",
        "id": 208360734,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1598630008
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>/me wants bors to accept gh usernames rather than opaque strings</p>",
        "id": 208360757,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1598630025
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><em>YES</em></p>",
        "id": 208360798,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1598630042
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but, anyway. That's a t-infra question I guess :)</p>",
        "id": 208360857,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1598630061
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay, sounds like that's it for today -- let's do one more round of <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"261224\">@triagebot</span> await for meeting end</p>",
        "id": 208360896,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1598630087
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>soon = now <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/thanks/pull/24\">https://github.com/rust-lang/thanks/pull/24</a></p>",
        "id": 208360900,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1598630088
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Does anyone have something to add on this topic, or should we move on?<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"working on it\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f6e0\" role=\"img\" title=\"working on it\">:working_on_it:</span> if you have something to say.<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"all good\" class=\"emoji emoji-2705\" role=\"img\" title=\"all good\">:all_good:</span> if we should move on.</p>",
        "id": 208360901,
        "sender_full_name": "triagebot",
        "timestamp": 1598630088
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay, thanks all! see you around</p>",
        "id": 208361013,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1598630147
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>\\o</p>",
        "id": 208361027,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1598630154
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I have a procedure question - <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/75953\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/75953</a> is marked as <code>beta-accepted</code>, when do backports happen? 'in three weeks' is fine, I just want to make sure it's not lost</p>",
        "id": 208361911,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1598630538
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it needs to remain <code>beta-nominated</code> or it will not be backported</p>",
        "id": 208362019,
        "sender_full_name": "Jonas Schievink  [he/him]",
        "timestamp": 1598630589
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we look for nominated+accepted, then remove nominated after it's done</p>",
        "id": 208362079,
        "sender_full_name": "cuviper",
        "timestamp": 1598630627
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that's good to know <span aria-label=\"sweat smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f605\" role=\"img\" title=\"sweat smile\">:sweat_smile:</span> changed it back</p>",
        "id": 208362080,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1598630627
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>is there documentation for this somewhere?</p>",
        "id": 208362181,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1598630663
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"232545\">@Joshua Nelson</span> <a href=\"https://forge.rust-lang.org/release/beta-backporting.html\">https://forge.rust-lang.org/release/beta-backporting.html</a></p>",
        "id": 208362226,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1598630692
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>So now somebody needs to go through those PR's and cherry-pick their commits to the beta branch. </p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>is there a timeline for that?</p>",
        "id": 208362379,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1598630764
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't mean to be pushy, sorry, just curious</p>",
        "id": 208362403,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1598630774
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>Anybody can make these PRs!</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>so if you're motivated to see a particular change land, feel free. it's nice if you also pull others while you do that.</p>",
        "id": 208362424,
        "sender_full_name": "cuviper",
        "timestamp": 1598630787
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>got it, will do :) thanks!</p>",
        "id": 208362468,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1598630809
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/76032\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/76032</a> :)</p>",
        "id": 208363381,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1598631246
    }
]