[
    {
        "content": "<p>placeholder</p>",
        "id": 212839420,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1602256757
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"2907\">@T-release</span> meeting!</p>",
        "id": 212840832,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1602257411
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"120823\">@DPC</span> triage checkin?</p>",
        "id": 212840885,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1602257447
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>had a meeting on wednesday, Camelid has joined the team, nothing much was discussed besides that</p>",
        "id": 212840925,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1602257469
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok</p>",
        "id": 212840991,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1602257511
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>moving on, we have a clippy ICE fix nominated for stable backport: <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/77750\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/77750</a></p>",
        "id": 212841086,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1602257548
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"138448\">@cuviper</span> -- do you know if we expect an LLVM 11 backport to stable this cycle? (i.e., does it make sense to wait for that)?</p>",
        "id": 212841142,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1602257580
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I wasn't planning on that</p>",
        "id": 212841213,
        "sender_full_name": "cuviper",
        "timestamp": 1602257611
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok</p>",
        "id": 212841233,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1602257625
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Maybe to beta once 11 is final, but I wouldn't touch stable unless we know it fixes something</p>",
        "id": 212841378,
        "sender_full_name": "cuviper",
        "timestamp": 1602257683
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>makes sense</p>",
        "id": 212841389,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1602257687
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Is anyone opposed to stable-accepting this (but not issuing a point release at this time)?</p>",
        "id": 212841439,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1602257709
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>wouldn't stable-accept be done by the clippy team?</p>",
        "id": 212841454,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1602257722
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>er, well, I think they're already fine with it</p>",
        "id": 212841475,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1602257735
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I just mean \"are we okay including this if there is in fact a point release\"</p>",
        "id": 212841497,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1602257746
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe not important to talk about now</p>",
        "id": 212841513,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1602257751
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"261224\">@triagebot</span> await</p>",
        "id": 212841793,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1602257883
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Does anyone have something to add on the current topic?<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"working on it\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f6e0\" role=\"img\" title=\"working on it\">:working_on_it:</span> if you have something to say.<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"all good\" class=\"emoji emoji-2705\" role=\"img\" title=\"all good\">:all_good:</span> if not.</p>",
        "id": 212841798,
        "sender_full_name": "triagebot",
        "timestamp": 1602257884
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>emojis broke</p>",
        "id": 212841821,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1602257893
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>On the triage thing? Looks fine on android</p>",
        "id": 212841916,
        "sender_full_name": "cuviper",
        "timestamp": 1602257941
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>hm, working for me</p>",
        "id": 212841920,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1602257943
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think zulip's emojis require refreshing sometimes</p>",
        "id": 212841941,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1602257952
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>:(</p>",
        "id": 212841952,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1602257962
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe it's because I add them in parallel or something</p>",
        "id": 212841985,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1602257976
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I should file an issue, though reproducing it is hard</p>",
        "id": 212842012,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1602257992
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway, moving on -- I don't personally have any sync discussion, but wanted people to be aware of <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/blog.rust-lang.org/pull/706\">https://github.com/rust-lang/blog.rust-lang.org/pull/706</a></p>",
        "id": 212842135,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1602258042
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/77725\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/77725</a></p>",
        "id": 212842168,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1602258061
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if you have thoughts, please leave those on the two PRs</p>",
        "id": 212842184,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1602258073
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"261224\">@triagebot</span> end-meeting</p>",
        "id": 212842333,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1602258133
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Does anyone have something to bring up?<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"working on it\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f6e0\" role=\"img\" title=\"working on it\">:working_on_it:</span> if you have something to say.<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"all good\" class=\"emoji emoji-2705\" role=\"img\" title=\"all good\">:all_good:</span> if you're ready to end the meeting.</p>",
        "id": 212842335,
        "sender_full_name": "triagebot",
        "timestamp": 1602258134
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(more UI fun, it flipped the emoji order while I was pressing mine...)</p>",
        "id": 212842445,
        "sender_full_name": "cuviper",
        "timestamp": 1602258196
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"219696\">@XAMPPRocky</span> take it away</p>",
        "id": 212842552,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1602258242
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>One thing I wanted to bring up, was what would people think about using the meeting after a release be a mini-retrospective on the release itself?</p>\n<p>There’s often smaller things that come to mind after a release that don’t feel appropriate as their own topic.</p>",
        "id": 212842719,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1602258328
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Do you want that as an immediate post-mortem, or maybe in a week so it settles?</p>",
        "id": 212842848,
        "sender_full_name": "cuviper",
        "timestamp": 1602258401
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>What I was specifically thinking about this time was that I’ve a few comments expressing concern about using LLVM rc in the release, which to me says we should probably document our LLVM policy better so it’s more clear to users why it’s that way.</p>",
        "id": 212842877,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1602258424
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Is there a reason you expect sync discussion to be useful on this?</p>",
        "id": 212842929,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1602258456
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Generally speaking I'm all for it though</p>",
        "id": 212842942,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1602258462
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i.e., policy or bringing things up</p>",
        "id": 212842958,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1602258471
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think a page on forge would be great to help (write) document our llvm policy</p>",
        "id": 212843023,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1602258493
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Well, for LLVM 11 in particular, I would say it was only early because we wanted the compile time gain. In general, I'd rather wait for its release.</p>",
        "id": 212843073,
        "sender_full_name": "cuviper",
        "timestamp": 1602258519
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>And we did hope that 11 would be final in time</p>",
        "id": 212843111,
        "sender_full_name": "cuviper",
        "timestamp": 1602258540
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>weren't we running off master until a couple llvm releases ago?</p>",
        "id": 212843118,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1602258546
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah I think so</p>",
        "id": 212843219,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1602258596
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or semi-master?</p>",
        "id": 212843230,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1602258601
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116122\">@simulacrum</span> The reason I think it’s specifically useful as sync is for members to make comments about a release without committing to anything. Another example was you and <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"121055\">@Pietro Albini</span> mentioned delaying or changing the release cycle this time, I would be interested in knowing more about that.</p>",
        "id": 212843284,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1602258610
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We were using matter snapshots, yes, somewhat arbitrarily</p>",
        "id": 212843289,
        "sender_full_name": "cuviper",
        "timestamp": 1602258615
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"219696\">@XAMPPRocky</span> I guess I would find it helpful to synthesize my thoughts async more on that sort of thing</p>",
        "id": 212843331,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1602258647
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>like, I don't feel prepared to discuss things in detail :)</p>",
        "id": 212843379,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1602258674
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"219696\">@XAMPPRocky</span> the reason for that was we had three major regressions like until monday or tuesday</p>",
        "id": 212843383,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1602258676
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if I actually wanted to delay the release I'd have pinged the whole release team</p>",
        "id": 212843432,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1602258707
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Okay, but is there a feeling that six weeks is too short now?</p>",
        "id": 212843660,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1602258813
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>dunno</p>",
        "id": 212843688,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1602258826
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'd need to think more about it :)</p>",
        "id": 212843700,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1602258833
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah not sure personally, I think <em>maybe</em>, but maybe not</p>",
        "id": 212843707,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1602258837
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i think we just need to be prepared with a plan in case regressions show up late</p>",
        "id": 212843759,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1602258848
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't know that we can be, dealing with them always feels very case-by-case to me at least</p>",
        "id": 212843800,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1602258871
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>agreed</p>",
        "id": 212843814,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1602258879
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah to get back to the original topic, I think we could do something like a very loose discussion on the Friday after a release, and have a more detailed discussion from that the following week.</p>",
        "id": 212843912,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1602258934
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't personally have more thoughts on this, but I would suggest <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"219696\">@XAMPPRocky</span> (or others) that if you feel there's outstanding questions we start issue threads on rust-lang/release-team, I would find that easier to respond to and process</p>",
        "id": 212843955,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1602258960
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>That’s all from me.</p>",
        "id": 212844260,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1602258999
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"261224\">@triagebot</span> end-meeting then</p>",
        "id": 212844320,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1602259039
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Does anyone have something to bring up?<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"working on it\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f6e0\" role=\"img\" title=\"working on it\">:working_on_it:</span> if you have something to say.<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"all good\" class=\"emoji emoji-2705\" role=\"img\" title=\"all good\">:all_good:</span> if you're ready to end the meeting.</p>",
        "id": 212844321,
        "sender_full_name": "triagebot",
        "timestamp": 1602259040
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay, let's call it here. thanks everyone! o/</p>",
        "id": 212844477,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1602259116
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>just chiming in to say I am grateful for your work in keeping the release train uninterrupted (i.e. release was not delayed), and that I am a great fan of the 6-week release schedule</p>",
        "id": 212884910,
        "sender_full_name": "Tshepang Lekhonkhobe",
        "timestamp": 1602285005
    }
]