[
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"2907\">@T-release</span> meeting?</p>",
        "id": 204930387,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1595604637
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes!</p>",
        "id": 204930400,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1595604644
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>o/</p>",
        "id": 204930401,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1595604645
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>o/</p>",
        "id": 204930413,
        "sender_full_name": "Jonas Schievink  [he/him]",
        "timestamp": 1595604649
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"120823\">@DPC</span> triage checkin?</p>",
        "id": 204930506,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1595604704
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>not much to report. going through the reports and giving them feedback as necessary</p>",
        "id": 204930583,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1595604730
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(there wasn't much triage this week guess just a one-off)</p>",
        "id": 204930608,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1595604746
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay, thank you.</p>",
        "id": 204930640,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1595604763
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We have a point release scheduled for thursday next week -- 1.45.1</p>",
        "id": 204930707,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1595604801
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It was originally tuesday but that felt a bit rushed after we didn't get artifacts until this morning :)</p>",
        "id": 204930752,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1595604826
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(and the struggle of finding a rustfmt version that would work)</p>",
        "id": 204930816,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1595604844
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I plan to run this release, as <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"121055\">@Pietro Albini</span> won't be around I believe (and regardless it's my turn iirc)</p>",
        "id": 204930864,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1595604877
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span aria-label=\"thumbs up\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44d\" role=\"img\" title=\"thumbs up\">:thumbs_up:</span></p>",
        "id": 204930882,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1595604886
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and indeed I won't be around</p>",
        "id": 204930899,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1595604896
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>blog post?</p>",
        "id": 204930902,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1595604897
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'll post an ask for testing on inside rust (for the first time!) later today, and a pointer to that from internals</p>",
        "id": 204930929,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1595604913
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>As early retrospective on this, we need to make sure that stable backports are also slated for beta.</p>",
        "id": 204930937,
        "sender_full_name": "cuviper",
        "timestamp": 1595604917
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>But I know there's more included now too</p>",
        "id": 204930955,
        "sender_full_name": "cuviper",
        "timestamp": 1595604928
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>blog post -- Steve said that he could do it, likely Tuesday</p>",
        "id": 204930960,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1595604930
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"138448\">@cuviper</span> Yeah, for sure. We've had similar cases with tool backports going into beta but not master before I think</p>",
        "id": 204931080,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1595604980
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(e.g., I've been backporting a rustfmt test fix into beta for what feels like a year now every cycle)</p>",
        "id": 204931110,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1595604993
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ugh</p>",
        "id": 204931131,
        "sender_full_name": "cuviper",
        "timestamp": 1595605005
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think submodules definitely don't help here -- it's a pain to figure out what needs to go in where, especially for tools that have multiple branches in flight (vs. a rustc-like \"just cut something every 6 weeks\")</p>",
        "id": 204931203,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1595605046
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't have good ideas on how to prevent this from happening again, basically</p>",
        "id": 204931237,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1595605062
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Maybe we should have a project board or something and automation but that feels very heavy</p>",
        "id": 204931271,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1595605081
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Does anyone have ideas?</p>",
        "id": 204931383,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1595605128
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ideally, they would always land in master, then beta, and only then stable. But yes, submodules make that harder.</p>",
        "id": 204931395,
        "sender_full_name": "cuviper",
        "timestamp": 1595605133
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Would there be benefit from using git subtree for rustfmt?</p>",
        "id": 204931398,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1595605134
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think git subtree would help -- makes it easier to backport things when you don't have to wrangle commits in upstream branches -- but isn't really possible right now</p>",
        "id": 204931447,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1595605169
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, it seems like that's working for clippy, and would let us patch backports directly.</p>",
        "id": 204931451,
        "sender_full_name": "cuviper",
        "timestamp": 1595605170
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't want to push towards using what sounds like locally compiled git into all tools' devs hands</p>",
        "id": 204931487,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1595605190
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>They need special git?</p>",
        "id": 204931553,
        "sender_full_name": "cuviper",
        "timestamp": 1595605213
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah, git subtree upstream apparently segfaults on clippy</p>",
        "id": 204931562,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1595605223
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>there's a PR but it's been open for a year or something</p>",
        "id": 204931570,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1595605230
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yikes</p>",
        "id": 204931575,
        "sender_full_name": "cuviper",
        "timestamp": 1595605233
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway sort of out of scope I guess to try and fix that :)</p>",
        "id": 204931633,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1595605275
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Well that certainly makes it not ideal.</p>",
        "id": 204931636,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1595605275
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I feel like we don't do enough of these to merit spending time developing automation to check ourselves, but maybe we should be stricter about a \"things only get into beta/stable backports if they've landed into master [and beta]\"</p>",
        "id": 204931705,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1595605317
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think that's true of the current round at least</p>",
        "id": 204931760,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1595605330
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We can try to at least open issues and nominate them so we check in weekly until that happens</p>",
        "id": 204931805,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1595605358
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay, that's all for release I think -- any further items?</p>",
        "id": 204931858,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1595605393
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We could have a simple GitHub action that comments a warning on the PR if the commit isnâ€™t already available in other branches?</p>",
        "id": 204931876,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1595605410
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't know of a good way to do that -- the commit hash will be different</p>",
        "id": 204931998,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1595605469
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess you could try and compare diffs or apply it and check if it's empty but that seems... problematic</p>",
        "id": 204932011,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1595605481
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>there is some discussion going on from compiler team's perspective of discussing toolstate breakages in a better way so i'd wait for that</p>",
        "id": 204932018,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1595605483
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><code>git cherry</code> can help, but will probably be fooled if the backport changed contents</p>",
        "id": 204932061,
        "sender_full_name": "cuviper",
        "timestamp": 1595605517
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh I didn't know of that command!</p>",
        "id": 204932078,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1595605536
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah it'd be great if we could add some tidy tooling for example that just banned commits going into beta/stable without being explicitly allowed as okay or that are on master</p>",
        "id": 204932166,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1595605587
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>would someone be up for filing an issue and writing up some mentoring instructions?</p>",
        "id": 204932177,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1595605600
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>sounds like no, okay. I'll at least file an issue then :)</p>",
        "id": 204932265,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1595605670
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay, anything else?</p>",
        "id": 204932321,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1595605686
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Sounds like no -- thanks all! Stay safe.</p>",
        "id": 204932389,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1595605741
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>\\o</p>",
        "id": 204932396,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1595605745
    }
]