[
    {
        "content": "<p>Meeting in ~5 minutes. Likely pretty short meeting; not too much to discuss I think just yet.</p>",
        "id": 248624833,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1628263484
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"2907\">@T-release</span> meeting!</p>",
        "id": 248625560,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1628263810
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>alright, looks like just the two of us today...</p>",
        "id": 248625815,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1628263926
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>And <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116883\">@tmandry</span> <span aria-label=\"smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f642\" role=\"img\" title=\"smile\">:smile:</span></p>",
        "id": 248625882,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1628263959
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah :)</p>",
        "id": 248625903,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1628263971
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>o/</p>",
        "id": 248625934,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1628263987
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Alright, well, in terms of charter I've made some progress but not really happy with the management + membership sections just yet - <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/governance/blob/master/teams/release/charter.md#team-membership\">https://github.com/rust-lang/governance/blob/master/teams/release/charter.md#team-membership</a></p>",
        "id": 248625968,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1628264003
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think the primary thing there is going to be to just put in more time, though I'd welcome feedback on what's there now.</p>",
        "id": 248626001,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1628264021
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>People on the team are audited by: team members declare their current area of interest on a regular basis (at least every 6 months), and the team lead will check in on a similar cadence on their participation in that area. Areas are enumerated in the above \"Responsible for Work\". Each is expected to be roughly the same amount of hours per cycle, but some may be more concentrated than others.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>This is likely the primary interesting thing</p>",
        "id": 248626087,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1628264047
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>This all seems sensible to me FWIW.</p>",
        "id": 248626480,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1628264217
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ok!</p>",
        "id": 248626542,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1628264243
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>same</p>",
        "id": 248626557,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1628264250
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Well, seems good -- obviously will need feedback from everyone. But I think we're moving pretty close to some kind of more formal 'approval' on the team side.</p>",
        "id": 248626669,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1628264288
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"261224\">@triagebot</span> end-topic</p>",
        "id": 248626681,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1628264294
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Does anyone have something to add on the current topic?<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"working on it\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f6e0\" role=\"img\" title=\"working on it\">:working_on_it:</span> if you have something to say.<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"all good\" class=\"emoji emoji-2705\" role=\"img\" title=\"all good\">:all_good:</span> if not.</p>",
        "id": 248626682,
        "sender_full_name": "triagebot",
        "timestamp": 1628264295
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>On the limit of team members, is there also a floor, where for example if it got too low to where it would be concerning?</p>",
        "id": 248626772,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1628264349
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Not currently; that's I think mostly a matter of people not declaring interest across the sections of work in the responsible area -- less so numbers of people, if that makes sense.</p>",
        "id": 248626847,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1628264390
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, it does.</p>",
        "id": 248626935,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1628264416
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ok - as an update, the crater run for beta is scheduled but will likely start ~Monday. I'm working on more capacity for crater but that's been a little slow going so far.</p>",
        "id": 248627029,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1628264462
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>As a relnotes update, Going to try and finish up the feedback on the 1.55 relnotes this weekend, I don't know how soon we want to merge based on the discussion from the last meeting.</p>",
        "id": 248627137,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1628264515
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, that seems good -- I need to take a look at my review queue :) I think we can merge once we get the initial round in.</p>",
        "id": 248627279,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1628264564
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I might be pinging <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116883\">@tmandry</span> later today / early next week to see if you have time to triage crater this cycle, too</p>",
        "id": 248627309,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1628264583
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(perhaps together with me, or something; I want to grow the expertise there in general).</p>",
        "id": 248627347,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1628264605
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>OK, I think that's all from me. <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"261224\">@triagebot</span> end-meeting</p>",
        "id": 248627377,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1628264620
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Does anyone have something to bring up?<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"working on it\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f6e0\" role=\"img\" title=\"working on it\">:working_on_it:</span> if you have something to say.<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"all good\" class=\"emoji emoji-2705\" role=\"img\" title=\"all good\">:all_good:</span> if you're ready to end the meeting.</p>",
        "id": 248627379,
        "sender_full_name": "triagebot",
        "timestamp": 1628264621
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ok, thanks all! <span aria-label=\"wave\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44b\" role=\"img\" title=\"wave\">:wave:</span></p>",
        "id": 248627494,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1628264663
    }
]