[
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"2907\">@T-release</span> meeting!</p>",
        "id": 204220091,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1594999806
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"120823\">@DPC</span> wg-triage checkin?</p>",
        "id": 204220194,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1594999880
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>nothing much to report. just going through the triage reports</p>",
        "id": 204220228,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1594999901
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay, thanks!</p>",
        "id": 204220362,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1594999957
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I believe there are no nominated issues (normal beta or stable), so we can go to the agenda</p>",
        "id": 204220418,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1594999983
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"121055\">@Pietro Albini</span> I believe you added the item?</p>",
        "id": 204220428,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1594999990
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah</p>",
        "id": 204220442,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1594999997
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>Only sign the manifest instead of all the files in a release.</p>\n</blockquote>",
        "id": 204220443,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1594999997
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so, currently our release process uses gpg to sign the release manifest and <em>all</em> the tarballs we ship</p>",
        "id": 204220489,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1595000017
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>That seems like a good thing -- only rustup uses the manifest</p>",
        "id": 204220618,
        "sender_full_name": "cuviper",
        "timestamp": 1595000071
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>signing all the tarballs is not much useful I think: we already sign the manifest, and the manifest contains all the hashes</p>",
        "id": 204220645,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1595000082
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so it's possible to verify all the things we ship by just looking at the manifest</p>",
        "id": 204220693,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1595000111
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm wondering how many things would break by signing just the manifest</p>",
        "id": 204220747,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1595000144
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Is it _harmful_ to sign everything? What's the benefit in changing?</p>",
        "id": 204220837,
        "sender_full_name": "cuviper",
        "timestamp": 1595000163
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(especially from <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"138448\">cuviper</span> with their distro hat)</p>",
        "id": 204220838,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1595000164
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so, the problem is that I want to make some changes to improve the security of our release infrastructure</p>",
        "id": 204220885,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1595000186
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>From my side, we don't use those signatures anyway. I think Debian might check more, not sure.</p>",
        "id": 204220919,
        "sender_full_name": "cuviper",
        "timestamp": 1595000204
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>by moving the signing to a separate system with a audit trail, allowing us to better understand what happened in case of a compromise</p>",
        "id": 204220950,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1595000216
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and sending 27gb of data to that separate system might be a bit expensive (#!@ aws egress)</p>",
        "id": 204221028,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1595000252
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(each release currently weights 27/28gb)</p>",
        "id": 204221057,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1595000266
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ouch</p>",
        "id": 204221080,
        "sender_full_name": "cuviper",
        "timestamp": 1595000279
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Do we have separate checksum files too, or is that only in the manifest?</p>",
        "id": 204221213,
        "sender_full_name": "cuviper",
        "timestamp": 1595000333
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we also have a <code>.sha256</code> for each file</p>",
        "id": 204221252,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1595000352
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but now that you brought it up</p>",
        "id": 204221261,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1595000356
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it might make a lot of sense to also generate a <code>SHA256SUMS</code> and sign that plus the manifest</p>",
        "id": 204221285,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1595000372
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>That seems reasonable</p>",
        "id": 204221318,
        "sender_full_name": "cuviper",
        "timestamp": 1595000390
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'd personally be fine signing just the manifest as well, but this seems fine too</p>",
        "id": 204221482,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1595000453
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so, I guess next steps would be to post a thread on internals and ping debian folks to it?</p>",
        "id": 204221493,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1595000458
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The only situation in which the manifest/hash file would be insufficient is if sha256 collision occurs/is forced, right?</p>",
        "id": 204221531,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1595000480
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and I guess that's super unlikely for our case</p>",
        "id": 204221573,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1595000501
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well gpg signatures still rely on a hash from my understanding</p>",
        "id": 204221614,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1595000518
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(is it sha512?)</p>",
        "id": 204221659,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1595000523
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>not sure. I guess today we sign both the tarball and the hash file, right?</p>",
        "id": 204221696,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1595000547
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I seem to recall that being the case</p>",
        "id": 204221705,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1595000552
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe, but like, signing the tarball still signs a hash of it</p>",
        "id": 204221723,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1595000565
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway, an internals thread seems like the right approach</p>",
        "id": 204221730,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1595000569
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span aria-label=\"thumbs up\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44d\" role=\"img\" title=\"thumbs up\">:thumbs_up:</span></p>",
        "id": 204221745,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1595000577
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I assume changing the gpg signing to just the manifest is separate to the codesigning that weâ€™d eventually want for macOS and/or Windows?</p>",
        "id": 204221754,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1595000584
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah</p>",
        "id": 204221770,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1595000591
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I can talk about that after the meeting</p>",
        "id": 204221781,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1595000599
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(and in another topic :)</p>",
        "id": 204221807,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1595000611
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(yep :) )</p>",
        "id": 204221818,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1595000620
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Do we have any other items for the agenda?</p>",
        "id": 204221822,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1595000623
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess following up with the lambda changes?</p>",
        "id": 204221844,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1595000639
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh, hm, I see that as <a class=\"stream\" data-stream-id=\"242791\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra\">#t-infra</a> -- did we need to take some action here?</p>",
        "id": 204221912,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1595000654
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Lambda? As in AWS?</p>",
        "id": 204221973,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1595000699
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>uh I recall discussing it here</p>",
        "id": 204221983,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1595000703
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I probably misremembered</p>",
        "id": 204222002,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1595000709
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"120076\">BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-17/near/204221973\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Lambda? As in AWS?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>yes</p>",
        "id": 204222011,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1595000715
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that's all from me then <span aria-label=\"smiley\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f603\" role=\"img\" title=\"smiley\">:smiley:</span></p>",
        "id": 204222022,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1595000721
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Need one more signoff on <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/74163\">#74163</a> (Linux baseline)</p>",
        "id": 204222059,
        "sender_full_name": "cuviper",
        "timestamp": 1595000735
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Will that then have FCP, or go ahead and merge?</p>",
        "id": 204222410,
        "sender_full_name": "cuviper",
        "timestamp": 1595000795
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay, let's call the meeting here then, it sounds like that's pretty much all. Thanks! <span aria-label=\"wave\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44b\" role=\"img\" title=\"wave\">:wave:</span></p>",
        "id": 204222416,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1595000797
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"138448\">@cuviper</span> just merging seems fine</p>",
        "id": 204222427,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1595000807
    }
]