[
    {
        "content": "<p>meeting in ~3 minutes!</p>",
        "id": 246238131,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1626449216
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>release blog post</li>\n<li>charter discussion (per email last week)</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 246238459,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1626449382
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"2907\">@T-release</span> meeting!</p>",
        "id": 246238686,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1626449473
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>alright</p>",
        "id": 246239207,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1626449714
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>first off, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"120823\">@DPC</span> anything of note on triage?</p>",
        "id": 246239242,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1626449726
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>nothing much to report</p>",
        "id": 246239275,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1626449738
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok!</p>",
        "id": 246239303,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1626449747
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a class=\"stream-topic\" data-stream-id=\"241545\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/1.2E54.20blog.20post\">#t-release &gt; 1.54 blog post</a> has the link and some initial discussion, but the first draft of the blog post is ready. definitely happy to see others edit and expand it!</p>",
        "id": 246239414,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1626449780
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The release is in just under 2 weeks now</p>",
        "id": 246239427,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1626449793
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>any discussion right now?</p>",
        "id": 246239587,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1626449877
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"261224\">@triagebot</span> end-topic</p>",
        "id": 246239691,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1626449915
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I haven't reviewed yet -- is there anything you wanted to call out?</p>",
        "id": 246239692,
        "sender_full_name": "cuviper",
        "timestamp": 1626449915
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Does anyone have something to add on the current topic?<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"working on it\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f6e0\" role=\"img\" title=\"working on it\">:working_on_it:</span> if you have something to say.<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"all good\" class=\"emoji emoji-2705\" role=\"img\" title=\"all good\">:all_good:</span> if not.</p>",
        "id": 246239694,
        "sender_full_name": "triagebot",
        "timestamp": 1626449915
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>not in particular I think</p>",
        "id": 246239708,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1626449926
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'll probably try to post it as a PR for actual review (rather than inline editing and such) early next week</p>",
        "id": 246239734,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1626449943
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>sounds good</p>",
        "id": 246239795,
        "sender_full_name": "cuviper",
        "timestamp": 1626449976
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I left a comment with a wording nit on the standard intro paragraph we use :P</p>",
        "id": 246239886,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1626450010
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>\"that is empowering everyone\" is bothering me now, it seems like it should be just \"that empowers everyone\"</p>",
        "id": 246239944,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1626450047
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but it's a very minor thing</p>",
        "id": 246240019,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1626450076
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>alright, moving along to the charter work -- <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/governance/blob/master/teams/release/charter.md\">https://github.com/rust-lang/governance/blob/master/teams/release/charter.md</a> -- I think this is coming along, but we haven't spent too much time on it in meetings or otherwise. Do folks have any concerns? Have those in this meeting at least had a chance to read over it?</p>\n<p>Let's do <span aria-label=\"open book\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f4d6\" role=\"img\" title=\"open book\">:open_book:</span> if you haven't read yet and <span aria-label=\"closed book\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f4d5\" role=\"img\" title=\"closed book\">:closed_book:</span> if you've gotten a chance to</p>",
        "id": 246240182,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1626450135
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I wonder about \"Notably excluded: release cadence, delaying a stable release.\"</p>",
        "id": 246240310,
        "sender_full_name": "cuviper",
        "timestamp": 1626450193
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we've never delayed, but why wouldn't that be our decision?</p>",
        "id": 246240345,
        "sender_full_name": "cuviper",
        "timestamp": 1626450211
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah! So I think it's possible that this could be a t-release decision. but having not done so yet and it being pretty unclear to me when we <em>would</em> do so, my initial feeling is that we should not claim decision making power (and as such responsibility) for that.</p>",
        "id": 246240529,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1626450281
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>does someone else claim that responsibility?</p>",
        "id": 246240583,
        "sender_full_name": "cuviper",
        "timestamp": 1626450306
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>This also ties in with the prioritization wg – t-compiler uses <code>P-critical</code> do denote \"potential release blockers\"</p>",
        "id": 246240649,
        "sender_full_name": "Jonas Schievink  [he/him]",
        "timestamp": 1626450345
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>not that I'm aware of. One of the goals with the chartering process is to identify things that are \"no one's\" and then work together with other teams to identify where they should go</p>",
        "id": 246240661,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1626450349
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok - I do think this should be settled, but I suppose that can be a later \"fix\" to assign it</p>",
        "id": 246240763,
        "sender_full_name": "cuviper",
        "timestamp": 1626450383
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Should we flesh out \"Take part in tasks the team is responsible for\" at all?</p>",
        "id": 246240803,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1626450407
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It doesn't quite feel like we are <em>currently</em> in a good position to take ownership on release delays, personally, so I listed it in the draft as \"excluded\". I think once there are more charters in existence and the map is clearer, it'll be worth discussing both of these further.</p>",
        "id": 246240861,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1626450430
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116883\">tmandry</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016/near/246240803\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Should we flesh out \"Take part in tasks the team is responsible for\" at all?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>let's check before we move on to this -- do folks feel ok with leaving the release cadence and delaying stable releases out of scope for now?</p>",
        "id": 246240900,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1626450457
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"261224\">@triagebot</span> end-topic on just those two</p>",
        "id": 246240930,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1626450470
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Does anyone have something to add on the current topic?<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"working on it\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f6e0\" role=\"img\" title=\"working on it\">:working_on_it:</span> if you have something to say.<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"all good\" class=\"emoji emoji-2705\" role=\"img\" title=\"all good\">:all_good:</span> if not.</p>",
        "id": 246240931,
        "sender_full_name": "triagebot",
        "timestamp": 1626450471
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I mean I think we should be responsible for the cadence, since any change would be as a result of some event that were involved in and were responsible for, such as a bad quality release or some other doomsday scenario. It doesn’t make much sense for other members to be deciding our cadence of work.</p>",
        "id": 246241079,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1626450520
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'd be more comfortable if the text didn't imply that we <strong>shouldn't</strong> own it, or that we don't want to</p>",
        "id": 246241098,
        "sender_full_name": "cuviper",
        "timestamp": 1626450531
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe saying that this is still an open question of who owns it</p>",
        "id": 246241139,
        "sender_full_name": "cuviper",
        "timestamp": 1626450559
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if we don't want to put it as decision-making we should <em>at least</em> put it for consulted on</p>",
        "id": 246241143,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1626450561
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm happy to add it to consulted, I think that definitely makes sense</p>",
        "id": 246241232,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1626450605
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I'm having a bit of trouble seeing other teams being the decision-maker for that</p>",
        "id": 246241264,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1626450622
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>And I can add a note that says something like \"and maybe decision makers, but want to discuss that more\"</p>",
        "id": 246241267,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1626450624
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe core, but IMO it should be release decision-making with core consulted (due to the project-wide impact)</p>",
        "id": 246241282,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1626450640
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think I'd lean towards flipping the two (core decision, release consulted), but I think it's murky ground, especially with two of us doing the release in practice on core :)</p>",
        "id": 246241408,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1626450712
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ok --  <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"138448\">@cuviper</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"121055\">@Pietro Albini</span>, does that sound good?</p>",
        "id": 246241505,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1626450748
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah</p>",
        "id": 246241514,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1626450754
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok</p>",
        "id": 246241543,
        "sender_full_name": "cuviper",
        "timestamp": 1626450769
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok, moving along to <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116883\">@tmandry</span>'s note -- I think you're absolutely right that should be expanded</p>",
        "id": 246241612,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1626450803
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>Should we flesh out \"Take part in tasks the team is responsible for\" at all?</p>\n</blockquote>",
        "id": 246241631,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1626450813
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't think the charter should necessarily be the source of truth for current team responsibilities, but at least having some examples and / or pointing to the source of truth would make sense IMO</p>",
        "id": 246241696,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1626450845
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>aren't the tasks already in the charter tho?</p>",
        "id": 246241754,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1626450874
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I want to be careful here about being both realistic and honest about what is actually necessary/feasible, but also making a clear assessment of the work</p>",
        "id": 246241760,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1626450878
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"121055\">Pietro Albini</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016/near/246241754\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>aren't the tasks already in the charter tho?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Good point :)</p>",
        "id": 246241811,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1626450907
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It's definitely my intent that the tasks are in the charter, or at least as categories -- I wouldn't get into the weeds (e.g., time keeping), but the charter is intended to be the source of truth. And, easily updatable, so that it can change if the tasks change.</p>",
        "id": 246241850,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1626450929
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>My feeling is that it could be made more granular though, plus with realistic expectations set for individuals as <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116122\">@simulacrum</span> was saying</p>",
        "id": 246241895,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1626450952
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think I'm not yet sure how to frame it such that we don't <em>all</em> have to do everything (even in rotation) since that seems unnecessary, while still making sure to encode some distribution of work</p>",
        "id": 246241990,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1626450992
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It would be a good place to link to a list of issues we currently want help with, since likely anyone going to the charter would be interested in seeing what we want to work on.</p>",
        "id": 246242056,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1626451024
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So -- definitely if folks have ideas, I'm happy to hear them. I think my current instinct says something like \"be part of one of the tasks in a rotation\"</p>",
        "id": 246242068,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1626451030
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"219696\">XAMPPRocky</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016/near/246242056\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>It would be a good place to link to a list of issues we currently want help with, since likely anyone going to the charter would be interested in seeing what we want to work on.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I think this is not quite right for the list of responsibilities for team members -- but the charter would absolutely link to the github repository or wherever the team has its issue tracker or similar</p>",
        "id": 246242267,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1626451106
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Alright</p>",
        "id": 246242435,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1626451181
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we're getting close to overtime</p>",
        "id": 246242453,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1626451188
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It sounds like there are several adjustments to make from today's discussion -- I'm not sure I'll get to them over this next week, and if anyone wants to participate that'd be great (just file a PR!)</p>",
        "id": 246242635,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1626451230
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I've noted them down on my scratchpad for this work so I'll make sure they happen eventually :)</p>",
        "id": 246242698,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1626451251
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>one small thing more, \"Regression triage (shared with T-compiler)\" could be any team really, like T-libs</p>",
        "id": 246242721,
        "sender_full_name": "cuviper",
        "timestamp": 1626451259
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and we can discuss again next week -- want to make sure folks have time for any concerns that they have.</p>",
        "id": 246242774,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1626451280
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"138448\">cuviper</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016/near/246242721\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>one small thing more, \"Regression triage (shared with T-compiler)\" could be any team really, like T-libs</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I think that line was written before the recent-ish renaissance of T-libs participating in regression triage :)</p>",
        "id": 246242815,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1626451302
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>sure :)</p>",
        "id": 246242838,
        "sender_full_name": "cuviper",
        "timestamp": 1626451315
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>alright, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"261224\">@triagebot</span> end-meeting</p>",
        "id": 246242842,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1626451317
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Does anyone have something to bring up?<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"working on it\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f6e0\" role=\"img\" title=\"working on it\">:working_on_it:</span> if you have something to say.<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"all good\" class=\"emoji emoji-2705\" role=\"img\" title=\"all good\">:all_good:</span> if you're ready to end the meeting.</p>",
        "id": 246242846,
        "sender_full_name": "triagebot",
        "timestamp": 1626451317
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Thanks everyone! <span aria-label=\"wave\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44b\" role=\"img\" title=\"wave\">:wave:</span></p>",
        "id": 246243104,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1626451431
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>followup: opened <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/governance/pull/5\">https://github.com/rust-lang/governance/pull/5</a> with the updates to the charter</p>",
        "id": 246315163,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1626513737
    }
]