[
    {
        "content": "<p>Hey <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"2645\">@T-libs</span>, please see <a class=\"stream\" data-stream-id=\"268952\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/268952-edition\">#edition</a> for Rust 2021 planning. I already put the things from our recent 2021 libs draft in the document there. Please add anything that's missing or should be discussed. Also if you have any ideas on the timeline, that'd be useful.</p>",
        "id": 220406158,
        "sender_full_name": "Mara",
        "timestamp": 1608314072
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hey <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"2645\">@T-libs</span>!</p>\n<p>Could y'all take a look at &lt;<a href=\"https://hackmd.io/3eG6OZWHRbSMxoRxzwNhGQ?view\">https://hackmd.io/3eG6OZWHRbSMxoRxzwNhGQ?view</a>&gt; and make sure any ideas for Rust 2021 that have come up are in there? If there's tracking issues or other related things, that's great. But even just incomplete ideas should go there so we don't forget to investigate them. Don't worry about structure/issue numbers/etc for now. Right now it's more like a brainstorm document where we're just collecting ideas to get a bit of an overview.</p>\n<p>I'll also put it on the agenda for the next meeting.</p>\n<p>Thanks!</p>\n<p>(Please put any discussion of 2021 changes to <a class=\"stream\" data-stream-id=\"268952\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/268952-edition\">#edition</a>! Thanks!)</p>",
        "id": 221210958,
        "sender_full_name": "Mara",
        "timestamp": 1609333600
    }
]