[
    {
        "content": "<p>Hi folks!  I asked Alex about maintenance of the \"net2\" crate as I am looking to get some additional platform support merged in there.  He suggested he is no longer managing governance or maintenance issues around crates in the nursery organisation and directed me to the libs team.  Is this the right place to address the issue of maintainers for that crate?  If nobody is actively maintaining it, I would be happy to take ownership in a new GH org and handle the maintenance work between myself and Patrick Mooney.</p>",
        "id": 194373802,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua M. Clulow",
        "timestamp": 1587074960
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"293955\">@Joshua M. Clulow</span> As far as I know Alex was the only one maintaining that crate, which means it is now unmaintained. I am happy to transfer maintainership to you and patrick.</p>",
        "id": 194400033,
        "sender_full_name": "Amanieu",
        "timestamp": 1587105868
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Creating a new org isn't necessary, we can just keep the crate in rust-lang-nursery. Unless you have a particular reason for wanting a separate org?</p>",
        "id": 194400183,
        "sender_full_name": "Amanieu",
        "timestamp": 1587106049
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't think anyone in the T-libs will object, but just in case: cc <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"219747\">@Simon Sapin</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"119235\">@David Tolnay</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"118772\">@Lukas Kalbertodt</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"222471\">@BurntSushi</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"243558\">@Steven Fackler</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"256759\">@boats</span></p>",
        "id": 194400496,
        "sender_full_name": "Amanieu",
        "timestamp": 1587106380
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>For the practicalities of the actual transfer you'll have to ask <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116015\">@Alex Crichton</span> since only he has the permissions to do so.</p>",
        "id": 194400526,
        "sender_full_name": "Amanieu",
        "timestamp": 1587106428
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>No objection, thanks for volunteering!</p>",
        "id": 194400850,
        "sender_full_name": "Simon Sapin",
        "timestamp": 1587106724
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"143274\">Amanieu</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/net2.20in.20the.20nursery/near/194400183\" title=\"#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/net2.20in.20the.20nursery/near/194400183\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Creating a new org isn't necessary, we can just keep the crate in rust-lang-nursery. Unless you have a particular reason for wanting a separate org?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I don't really mind whether we create a new org or not, I just get the impression that the org itself is effectively deprecated and that the eventual plan was for it to have no more repos in the long run.</p>",
        "id": 194402872,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua M. Clulow",
        "timestamp": 1587108324
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We would create an org name that reflected clearly that we were not a part of the core Rust team etc</p>",
        "id": 194402975,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua M. Clulow",
        "timestamp": 1587108378
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(And I suspect we might pick up one or two other crates as we wander around the ecosystem getting our OS support into things that havent otherwise been touched in quite some time)</p>",
        "id": 194403071,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua M. Clulow",
        "timestamp": 1587108470
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>On the deprecation of the nursery org, I was pointed at <a href=\"https://internals.rust-lang.org/t/rust-lang-nursery-deprecation/11205\" title=\"https://internals.rust-lang.org/t/rust-lang-nursery-deprecation/11205\">https://internals.rust-lang.org/t/rust-lang-nursery-deprecation/11205</a></p>",
        "id": 194403195,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua M. Clulow",
        "timestamp": 1587108522
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Happy to do whatever is preferred!</p>",
        "id": 194403274,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua M. Clulow",
        "timestamp": 1587108607
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>As part of the transfer we can move to it <code>rust-lang</code>.</p>",
        "id": 194411617,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1587113649
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think if we're ceding control of it to a third party essentially completely outside Rust governance, it makes sense to transfer it to a separate org (or even a personal account).</p>",
        "id": 194422838,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1587120480
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Are we talking about net2 or socket2? net2's been deprecated in favor of socket2 for years.</p>",
        "id": 194425176,
        "sender_full_name": "Steven Fackler",
        "timestamp": 1587122277
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i agree with <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116122\">@simulacrum</span> with respect to moving it to <code>rust-lang</code> or not.</p>\n<p>also, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"293955\">@Joshua M. Clulow</span> do you maintain any existing Rust crates in the ecosystem?</p>",
        "id": 194427788,
        "sender_full_name": "BurntSushi",
        "timestamp": 1587124177
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I will say that personally I would rather see some of the functionality polished and moved into std; most of it IIRC is basically reasonable to have as part of std's API).</p>",
        "id": 194427908,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1587124240
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i'd prefer a separate organisation. Makes it easier to onboard people and get it moving. Ready to help :P</p>",
        "id": 194454621,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1587136104
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"243558\">Steven Fackler</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/net2.20in.20the.20nursery/near/194425176\" title=\"#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/net2.20in.20the.20nursery/near/194425176\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Are we talking about net2 or socket2? net2's been deprecated in favor of socket2 for years.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Definitely <code>net2</code>.  It is deprecated, but nonetheless still fairly widely used for now.  We have hit it as a transitive dependency in a bunch of things we have been trying to get working.</p>",
        "id": 194510959,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua M. Clulow",
        "timestamp": 1587165086
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"222471\">BurntSushi</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/net2.20in.20the.20nursery/near/194427788\" title=\"#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/net2.20in.20the.20nursery/near/194427788\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>also, <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"293955\">Joshua M. Clulow</span> do you maintain any existing Rust crates in the ecosystem?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Not yet, but I have made a few contributions to the Rust toolchain itself (chiefly support for illumos) and some crates here and there.  I have also been working in and around other open source projects for a long time now.</p>",
        "id": 194511049,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua M. Clulow",
        "timestamp": 1587165160
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"293955\">@Joshua M. Clulow</span> thanks for responding. yeah, basically, my concern is in supply chain style vulnerabilities. it's why i tend to advocate just deprecating things and moving maintenance to a new crate. but i guess since <code>net2</code> is so widely used and since deprecation clearly didn't work there, then perhaps that's not the right answer here. <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116015\">@Alex Crichton</span> what do you think? i think you're usually a bit more liberal about handing over maintenance than i am, but wanted to voice the concern.</p>",
        "id": 194511454,
        "sender_full_name": "BurntSushi",
        "timestamp": 1587165558
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I totally understand the concerns about supply chain issues, and while I am obviously asking for the keys here I am simultaneously abstractly terrified about what that means in general haha</p>",
        "id": 194511527,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua M. Clulow",
        "timestamp": 1587165614
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Patrick and I have just signed up to do some sustaining work on time 0.1 as well, because even though it is very deprecated in favour of 0.2 at this stage, it is a dependency in some 700 crates and it is pretty infeasible for us to go and upgrade all of those ourselves right now</p>",
        "id": 194511588,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua M. Clulow",
        "timestamp": 1587165708
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm curious, what are the main dependency chains in which you run into time 0.1?</p>",
        "id": 194511740,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1587165830
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Let me see!</p>",
        "id": 194511799,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua M. Clulow",
        "timestamp": 1587165854
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think I'm mostly wondering about top-level dependencies in your own code, which then pull in time 0.1 either directly or via some transitive dependency.</p>",
        "id": 194511829,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1587165891
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>chrono for one, which itself is very common</p>",
        "id": 194511836,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua M. Clulow",
        "timestamp": 1587165897
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(If you don't already know about it, <code>cargo tree</code> and <code>cargo tree -d</code> are awesome.)</p>",
        "id": 194511843,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1587165902
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>...huh. Looking...</p>",
        "id": 194511858,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1587165909
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>hyper</p>",
        "id": 194511872,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua M. Clulow",
        "timestamp": 1587165925
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>reqwest</p>",
        "id": 194511879,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua M. Clulow",
        "timestamp": 1587165934
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Huh, sure enough, latest chrono uses older time.</p>",
        "id": 194511890,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1587165947
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>That's going to be a huge factor in the ecosystem.</p>",
        "id": 194511901,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1587165957
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I wonder what it would take to fix <em>that</em> one, and then others may follow suit?</p>",
        "id": 194511950,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1587165971
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah that is why we are keen to help out there, it is kind of a fulcrum</p>",
        "id": 194511953,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua M. Clulow",
        "timestamp": 1587165975
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think the biggest challenge with it is that the new API is while perhaps not in principle totally different from the old one, it isn't immediately obvious what to do to transform your usage forwards to the new types and routines</p>",
        "id": 194512018,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua M. Clulow",
        "timestamp": 1587166025
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I asked the chrono maintainers what their plan was, and I think they are in part going to pull in some parts of the old code internally to chrono itself: <a href=\"https://github.com/chronotope/chrono/pull/286\" title=\"https://github.com/chronotope/chrono/pull/286\">https://github.com/chronotope/chrono/pull/286</a></p>",
        "id": 194512063,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua M. Clulow",
        "timestamp": 1587166077
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>But that is also presently not finished work</p>",
        "id": 194512111,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua M. Clulow",
        "timestamp": 1587166089
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>There was some usage of time 0.1 in some of the cookie management code in the HTTP ecosystem, and even though it wasn't that much code I was struggling a bit to see how it even worked so making a robust and well-tested upgrade to the new API is likely going to be somewhat time consuming and hard to do as a drive by patch</p>",
        "id": 194512202,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua M. Clulow",
        "timestamp": 1587166197
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I just checked, and as far as I can tell, current chrono no longer uses <code>time</code> for <em>anything</em> except for compatibility with the <code>time::Duration</code> type.</p>",
        "id": 194512284,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1587166247
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Which means it might be possible to move that under a feature flag.</p>",
        "id": 194512300,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1587166272
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Our intent is to not put upgrades across incompatible versions or switches to new crates on the critical path to illumos support for code that already works today, where possible, basically, if that makes sense</p>",
        "id": 194512307,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua M. Clulow",
        "timestamp": 1587166287
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think it actually is under a feature flag today</p>",
        "id": 194512315,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua M. Clulow",
        "timestamp": 1587166295
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Just, a flag that is on by default in most consumers possibly</p>",
        "id": 194512334,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua M. Clulow",
        "timestamp": 1587166313
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ah, I missed the detail that you're trying to port to a new target.</p>",
        "id": 194512383,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1587166323
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>OK, that makes perfect sense.</p>",
        "id": 194512408,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1587166352
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah that's where we're at.  We have been limping along using the \"solaris\" target but illumos forked off a long time ago and is in places not compatible with Oracle Solaris.  We have our own triple now, and are just aiming to get back to where we were before the switch initially</p>",
        "id": 194512429,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua M. Clulow",
        "timestamp": 1587166378
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>That makes sense to me.</p>",
        "id": 194512453,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1587166414
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Everybody has been really accomodating even though we're a minority share platform and I'm definitely generally very excited about the ecosystem and the values people seem to share!</p>",
        "id": 194512526,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua M. Clulow",
        "timestamp": 1587166462
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We are keen to get Rust code into our userland tools, our libraries, and even our kernel</p>",
        "id": 194512552,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua M. Clulow",
        "timestamp": 1587166495
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"120823\">DPC</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/net2.20in.20the.20nursery/near/194454621\" title=\"#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/net2.20in.20the.20nursery/near/194454621\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>i'd prefer a separate organisation. Makes it easier to onboard people and get it moving. Ready to help :P</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>If a separate organisation is the way to go, we are ready with: <a href=\"https://github.com/deprecrated\" title=\"https://github.com/deprecrated\">https://github.com/deprecrated</a>  :D</p>",
        "id": 194520144,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua M. Clulow",
        "timestamp": 1587174652
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Impressive to have snagged that org name. :)</p>",
        "id": 194526368,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1587185979
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hi folks.  We would like to get going on <code>net2</code> maintenance.  What would the next step be?  When I spoke to <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116015\">@Alex Crichton</span> over Discord he did not seem to think he would be in the loop on the transfer, and that the libs (or even infra) team would or should be doing that.  Looking at <a href=\"http://crates.io\" title=\"http://crates.io\">crates.io</a> it seems like the libs team is an owner there: <a href=\"https://crates.io/crates/net2\" title=\"https://crates.io/crates/net2\">https://crates.io/crates/net2</a><br>\nOn GitHub, do libs team folks have control of the <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang-nursery\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang-nursery\">https://github.com/rust-lang-nursery</a> organisation?</p>",
        "id": 194761225,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua M. Clulow",
        "timestamp": 1587445570
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I believe most of the libs team is in agreement to transfer the net2 crate from rust-lang-nursery to <a href=\"https://github.com/deprecrated\" title=\"https://github.com/deprecrated\">https://github.com/deprecrated</a>. I'm not sure who has the appropriate permissions to do this. cc <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"121055\">@Pietro Albini</span>?</p>",
        "id": 194825688,
        "sender_full_name": "Amanieu",
        "timestamp": 1587485596
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"143274\">@Amanieu</span> I can transfer it, but is there full consensus inside the libs team?</p>",
        "id": 194930219,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1587562291
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(like a rfcbot'd issue somewhere)</p>",
        "id": 194930254,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1587562299
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'll create an issue in net2.</p>",
        "id": 194930442,
        "sender_full_name": "Amanieu",
        "timestamp": 1587562375
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(does rfcbot work there?)</p>",
        "id": 194930471,
        "sender_full_name": "Amanieu",
        "timestamp": 1587562388
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think I would be happy if there was some kind of vouching for the new maintainer(s). and i don't think it has to be a Rust specific person. if there's some established record of open source activity, then i think that would be good enough?</p>\n<p>(i'm not looking to make a huge process out of this, but just want to make sure we do _some_ kind of due diligence here.)</p>",
        "id": 194931853,
        "sender_full_name": "BurntSushi",
        "timestamp": 1587562954
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if needed i can help with maintaining the crate <span aria-label=\"slight smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f642\" role=\"img\" title=\"slight smile\">:slight_smile:</span></p>",
        "id": 194932957,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1587563362
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"222471\">@BurntSushi</span> <a href=\"https://github.com/jclulow\" title=\"https://github.com/jclulow\">https://github.com/jclulow</a></p>",
        "id": 194934638,
        "sender_full_name": "Amanieu",
        "timestamp": 1587564010
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"143274\">@Amanieu</span> Oh! great. yes, i am quite satisfied now. thanks :)</p>",
        "id": 194934786,
        "sender_full_name": "BurntSushi",
        "timestamp": 1587564070
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I created an issue, please check your boxes: <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang-nursery/net2-rs/issues/102\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang-nursery/net2-rs/issues/102\">https://github.com/rust-lang-nursery/net2-rs/issues/102</a></p>",
        "id": 194935963,
        "sender_full_name": "Amanieu",
        "timestamp": 1587564540
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(rfcbot doesn't work since the repo doesn't have team labels set up)</p>",
        "id": 194936005,
        "sender_full_name": "Amanieu",
        "timestamp": 1587564562
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"121055\">@Pietro Albini</span> Now with checkboxes! <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang-nursery/net2-rs/issues/102\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang-nursery/net2-rs/issues/102\">https://github.com/rust-lang-nursery/net2-rs/issues/102</a></p>",
        "id": 194974101,
        "sender_full_name": "Amanieu",
        "timestamp": 1587580862
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"293955\">@Joshua M. Clulow</span> Hi. Do you still take care of <code>net2</code>? Sadly it is still a transitive dependency to basically the entire world. It would be awesome if this PR could be merged and published as it's blocking some improvements on <code>std</code> itself: <a href=\"https://github.com/deprecrated/net2-rs/pull/106\">https://github.com/deprecrated/net2-rs/pull/106</a></p>",
        "id": 217453070,
        "sender_full_name": "faern",
        "timestamp": 1605903053
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yes, let me huddle with Patrick and we'll try and move that forward.  Sorry for the delay there.</p>",
        "id": 217455878,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua M. Clulow",
        "timestamp": 1605904666
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Awesome! Thank you very much.</p>",
        "id": 217457275,
        "sender_full_name": "faern",
        "timestamp": 1605905552
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"293955\">@Joshua M. Clulow</span> We had something good going on there. I got a review and some discussion. But just as it was going to be merged it went idle.</p>",
        "id": 218076968,
        "sender_full_name": "faern",
        "timestamp": 1606473177
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"293955\">@Joshua M. Clulow</span> Would it be possible to have all versions except the newest yanked? Since they are unsound. I have created an issue in the repo about it. The same has already been done with <code>socket2</code>, <code>miow</code> and <code>mio</code> that had the same unsoundness. I think/hope this is the last thing we'll want from <code>net2</code> regarding this entire <code>SocketAddr</code> thing :)</p>",
        "id": 218818429,
        "sender_full_name": "faern",
        "timestamp": 1607079700
    }
]