[
    {
        "content": "<p>A new proposal has been announced: <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/lang-team/issues/116\">Async fundamentals initiative #116</a>. It will be announced at the next meeting to try and draw attention to it, but usually MCPs are not discussed during triage meetings. If you think this would benefit from discussion amongst the team, consider proposing a design meeting.</p>",
        "id": 254599911,
        "sender_full_name": "triagebot",
        "timestamp": 1632428982
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I would be happy to second this, but I think I might prefer if <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"239881\">@Josh Triplett</span>, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"125270\">@scottmcm</span> or someone else were the liaison</p>",
        "id": 254618807,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1632438002
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I feel like I'm a bit \"too close\" : )</p>",
        "id": 254618845,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1632438007
    }
]