[
    {
        "content": "<p>A new proposal has been announced: <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/lang-team/issues/44\">#44</a>. It will be announced at the next meeting to try and draw attention to it, but usually MCPs are not discussed during triage meetings. If you think this would benefit from discussion amongst the team, consider proposing a design meeting.</p>",
        "id": 205666705,
        "sender_full_name": "triagebot",
        "timestamp": 1596261678
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span aria-label=\"wave\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44b\" role=\"img\" title=\"wave\">:wave:</span></p>",
        "id": 205666712,
        "sender_full_name": "scottmcm",
        "timestamp": 1596261720
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The motivation section ends with an unfinished sentence</p>",
        "id": 205670250,
        "sender_full_name": "Christopher Durham",
        "timestamp": 1596268318
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I suspect that was unintentional?</p>",
        "id": 205670289,
        "sender_full_name": "Christopher Durham",
        "timestamp": 1596268330
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm in favor of this, definitely. I guess the main question is whether this requires an RFC or can \"just\" be implemented...</p>",
        "id": 205683554,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1596291704
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>Giving warnings and</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Incomplete sentence?</p>",
        "id": 205684040,
        "sender_full_name": "Jonas Schievink  [he/him]",
        "timestamp": 1596292560
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The main complexity here is edition hygiene for prelude, I guess.<br>\nI.e. macros written for one edition seeing prelude names specific to that edition.<br>\n(if it's going to be implemented at all)</p>",
        "id": 205701158,
        "sender_full_name": "Vadim Petrochenkov",
        "timestamp": 1596321637
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It's probably bad form for macros to use anything less than fully qualified paths to begin with.</p>\n<p>Which doesn't fix the problem I suppose.</p>",
        "id": 205703068,
        "sender_full_name": "Lokathor",
        "timestamp": 1596325494
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe there should be a clippy lint for public macros that depend on things from the prelude or local paths? seems useful even independent of any edition stuff, though could have lint accuracy problems (lots of false positives/negatives)</p>",
        "id": 205713266,
        "sender_full_name": "Jacob Lifshay",
        "timestamp": 1596346833
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Fixed the sentence I forget to finish; thanks.</p>\n<p>Also added a note about macros.</p>",
        "id": 205849768,
        "sender_full_name": "scottmcm",
        "timestamp": 1596490387
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I definitely think we're going to want to do this as part of doing a 2021 Edition</p>",
        "id": 205921197,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1596554663
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>One thing that <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"239881\">@Josh Triplett</span> and I were talking about was whether every change ought to have a \"lead\" and a \"liaison\" specified. The idea being that it's a good idea to have somebody to bounce things off of, no matter what</p>",
        "id": 205921287,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1596554706
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah they should be separate.</p>\n<p>if, as lead, you can't convince at least one person to liaison the project, it probably isn't ready to move forward as a project.</p>",
        "id": 205921565,
        "sender_full_name": "Lokathor",
        "timestamp": 1596554835
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>heh that's a reasonably good rule :)</p>",
        "id": 205928614,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1596558457
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>serious question: do we feel this needs an RFC and -- if so -- what would its contents be?</p>",
        "id": 205928695,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1596558494
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The <em>idea</em> of introducing new prelude, but not specifying what goes in it, presumably? (That is libs)</p>",
        "id": 205928709,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1596558506
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that sounds .. reasonable to me, actually, perhaps with some investigation and elaboration into issues that might arise (e.g., the issue that <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"123856\">@Vadim Petrochenkov</span> raised about macros)</p>",
        "id": 205928744,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1596558529
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"125270\">@scottmcm</span> do you feel equipped to do that investigation and discusion?</p>",
        "id": 205928768,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1596558540
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>You could maybe fold it into the rfc declaring the 2021 edition</p>",
        "id": 205929134,
        "sender_full_name": "Lokathor",
        "timestamp": 1596558733
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> When opening this MCP I added an \"Out of Scope\" section exactly to say that I didn't want us to decide what should go in the prelude, so I agree :)</p>\n<p>Everything about macros and name resolution is a mystery to me, so no, I don't really feel equipped...</p>",
        "id": 205966256,
        "sender_full_name": "scottmcm",
        "timestamp": 1596578456
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh yeah I remember you said that explicitly now :)</p>",
        "id": 206023284,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1596635064
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So the topic is currently, \"looking for someone to drive it forward\"... What specifically does that look like? I suppose a project group?</p>",
        "id": 209325723,
        "sender_full_name": "Lokathor",
        "timestamp": 1599510427
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Right. Someone on the libs team needs to work on it or charter someone to do so.</p>",
        "id": 209327606,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1599512664
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ah, does T-libs <em>know</em> that they need to get someone to do this though?</p>",
        "id": 209328188,
        "sender_full_name": "Lokathor",
        "timestamp": 1599513517
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>No. Someone needs to open that discussion. :)</p>",
        "id": 209329022,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1599514768
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Posted: <a href=\"#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/T-lang.20asking.20T-libs.20for.20per-edition.20preludes.20coordination\">https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/T-lang.20asking.20T-libs.20for.20per-edition.20preludes.20coordination</a></p>",
        "id": 209329703,
        "sender_full_name": "Lokathor",
        "timestamp": 1599515655
    }
]