[
    {
        "content": "<p>Hey everyone, I know a lot of people are going to be out for the next month so I figure we should do the next couple of error handling meetings async</p>",
        "id": 263894417,
        "sender_full_name": "Jane Lusby [she/her]",
        "timestamp": 1638815286
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Agenda: <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/@rust-libs/Byt9ERjFt\">https://hackmd.io/@rust-libs/Byt9ERjFt</a></p>",
        "id": 263894453,
        "sender_full_name": "Jane Lusby [she/her]",
        "timestamp": 1638815298
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>My current focus is getting the Error trait into core</p>",
        "id": 263894636,
        "sender_full_name": "Jane Lusby [she/her]",
        "timestamp": 1638815377
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>which mainly boils down two issues</p>",
        "id": 263894809,
        "sender_full_name": "Jane Lusby [she/her]",
        "timestamp": 1638815428
    },
    {
        "content": "<ol>\n<li>adding the requisite lang items to split the downcast methods across core and alloc: <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/90328\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/90328</a></li>\n</ol>",
        "id": 263894938,
        "sender_full_name": "Jane Lusby [she/her]",
        "timestamp": 1638815470
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and</p>",
        "id": 263894975,
        "sender_full_name": "Jane Lusby [she/her]",
        "timestamp": 1638815481
    },
    {
        "content": "<ol start=\"2\">\n<li>landing generic member access on nightly and removing <code>fn backtrace</code> from the Error trait</li>\n</ol>",
        "id": 263895075,
        "sender_full_name": "Jane Lusby [she/her]",
        "timestamp": 1638815511
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>2 could also be done via the Backtrace in core RFC but my impression / hope is that we avoid that implementation short term since it is significantly more complicated</p>",
        "id": 263895234,
        "sender_full_name": "Jane Lusby [she/her]",
        "timestamp": 1638815557
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I did a pass on the provide any rfc and answered most comments today, so it’s ready for another round of review</p>",
        "id": 263895563,
        "sender_full_name": "Nick Cameron",
        "timestamp": 1638815652
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>perfect</p>",
        "id": 263895617,
        "sender_full_name": "Jane Lusby [she/her]",
        "timestamp": 1638815675
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"256841\">@Nick Cameron</span> did you want to also setup a PR implementing the provide_any RFC on nightly?</p>",
        "id": 263895685,
        "sender_full_name": "Jane Lusby [she/her]",
        "timestamp": 1638815701
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I could do, yeah. I’ll probably have time Thursday or Friday. I’d expect to put it all into the any module as suggested rather than the existing separate module, so I expect refactoring the documentation of the mega module will be the most time consuming</p>",
        "id": 263895963,
        "sender_full_name": "Nick Cameron",
        "timestamp": 1638815796
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ack</p>",
        "id": 263895997,
        "sender_full_name": "Jane Lusby [she/her]",
        "timestamp": 1638815811
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>also lmk if I can help at all</p>",
        "id": 263896030,
        "sender_full_name": "Jane Lusby [she/her]",
        "timestamp": 1638815827
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>beyond providing further review for the RFC</p>",
        "id": 263896084,
        "sender_full_name": "Jane Lusby [she/her]",
        "timestamp": 1638815847
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>which I already plan on doing</p>",
        "id": 263896092,
        "sender_full_name": "Jane Lusby [she/her]",
        "timestamp": 1638815850
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Cool, thanks! I’ll let you know if anything comes up, otherwise it should just be merging my prototype crate into std</p>",
        "id": 263896279,
        "sender_full_name": "Nick Cameron",
        "timestamp": 1638815921
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span aria-label=\"+1\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44d\" role=\"img\" title=\"+1\">:+1:</span></p>",
        "id": 263896305,
        "sender_full_name": "Jane Lusby [she/her]",
        "timestamp": 1638815932
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So I almost have a PR ready for adding provide_any to core, but I found a little snag in the design - the blanket impl I use won't work for downstream crates (or in the docs). Error is not affected (or at least it won't be once it is moved to core). I'll investigate a little bit, but I expect there is a fairly easy fix. Anyway, I hope I'll have an update for the RFC plus the draft PR ready early next week</p>",
        "id": 264487112,
        "sender_full_name": "Nick Cameron",
        "timestamp": 1639160280
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>awesome!</p>",
        "id": 264490450,
        "sender_full_name": "Jane Lusby [she/her]",
        "timestamp": 1639161742
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I was off work the last few days, but here is the PR: <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/91970\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/91970</a> I've updated the RFC slightly too</p>",
        "id": 265035245,
        "sender_full_name": "Nick Cameron",
        "timestamp": 1639585588
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Amazing!</p>",
        "id": 265035678,
        "sender_full_name": "Jane Lusby [she/her]",
        "timestamp": 1639585779
    }
]