<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>creating the group · edition 2021 · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/268952-edition-2021/index.html">edition 2021</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/268952-edition-2021/topic/creating.20the.20group.html">creating the group</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="226674418"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/268952-edition%202021/topic/creating%20the%20group/near/226674418" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/268952-edition-2021/topic/creating.20the.20group.html#226674418">(Feb 17 2021 at 15:38)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="310399">@Mara</span> opened a <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/team/pull/536">PR on the team repo</a> to create a project group for tracking the edition work. It contains <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="310399">@Mara</span> and myself as leads and <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="224872">@rylev</span> as a member -- are there others who wish to be added as members?</p>
<p>Signing up implies that you agree to serve as liaison for particular projects (i.e., the person who updates the tracking spreadsheet and who is up to date on the status of an item, not necessarily the person doing the work) and to generally help out in edition "meta work". It isn't necessary if you just want to implement migration lints or push particular things over the line, though you're always welcome to do that.</p>



<a name="226731016"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/268952-edition%202021/topic/creating%20the%20group/near/226731016" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Huss <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/268952-edition-2021/topic/creating.20the.20group.html#226731016">(Feb 17 2021 at 21:48)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm not sure I want to be formally part of the group because I am oversubscribed, but I do want to be kept in the loop as much as possible. I'm doing a fair amount of work — all of the cargo frontend, cargo fix and migration support, I'm ostensibly the maintainer of the edition guide, and I wrote almost all of the edition documentation in the reference, and suspect that will be the same this time around.</p>
<p>For example, I need to know if and when a future-incompatible 2021 lint is added in order to update <code>cargo fix</code> to work properly.</p>
<p>I can also provide feedback on any issues or ideas if wanted, as I monitored and diagnosed a lot of the 2018 edition issues and am familiar with many of the pain points people had.</p>
<p>I'd also like to be in the loop for discussing whatever we want to do with the edition guide.</p>



<a name="226731103"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/268952-edition%202021/topic/creating%20the%20group/near/226731103" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/268952-edition-2021/topic/creating.20the.20group.html#226731103">(Feb 17 2021 at 21:48)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="120518">@Eric Huss</span> great!</p>



<a name="226731130"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/268952-edition%202021/topic/creating%20the%20group/near/226731130" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/268952-edition-2021/topic/creating.20the.20group.html#226731130">(Feb 17 2021 at 21:48)</a>:</h4>
<p>I wasn't really 100% aware of that context so that is very helpful :)</p>



<a name="226731175"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/268952-edition%202021/topic/creating%20the%20group/near/226731175" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mara <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/268952-edition-2021/topic/creating.20the.20group.html#226731175">(Feb 17 2021 at 21:49)</a>:</h4>
<p>Nice! Good to know!</p>



<a name="226731446"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/268952-edition%202021/topic/creating%20the%20group/near/226731446" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Huss <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/268952-edition-2021/topic/creating.20the.20group.html#226731446">(Feb 17 2021 at 21:51)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'll post here soon when I have a cargo PR up to make it easier to test the 2021 edition, and updates for <code>cargo fix</code>.  It is close to done, and I'd like to get feedback on the proposed approach.</p>



<a name="226731485"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/268952-edition%202021/topic/creating%20the%20group/near/226731485" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/268952-edition-2021/topic/creating.20the.20group.html#226731485">(Feb 17 2021 at 21:51)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="120518">@Eric Huss</span> we should discuss the reference changes and how best to coordinate those. I'm not really sure that this is specific to the edition work, though. I would just kind of expect changes to the reference to occur for each feature -- ah, but I guess you mean updating the reference to discuss the 2021 edition more generally?</p>



<a name="226731530"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/268952-edition%202021/topic/creating%20the%20group/near/226731530" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/268952-edition-2021/topic/creating.20the.20group.html#226731530">(Feb 17 2021 at 21:51)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="120518">Eric Huss</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/268952-edition/topic/creating.20the.20group/near/226731446">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>I'll post here soon when I have a cargo PR up to make it easier to test the 2021 edition, and updates for <code>cargo fix</code>.  It is close to done, and I'd like to get feedback on the proposed approach.</p>
</blockquote>
<p>that's great! I was wondering about how we were going to tackle those issues</p>



<a name="226731593"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/268952-edition%202021/topic/creating%20the%20group/near/226731593" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/268952-edition-2021/topic/creating.20the.20group.html#226731593">(Feb 17 2021 at 21:52)</a>:</h4>
<p>we have a list <a href="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1chZ2SL9T444nvU9al1kQ7TJMwC3IVQQV2xIv1HWGQ_k/edit#gid=1734567557">in the spreadsheet</a> of "other work items"</p>



<a name="226731598"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/268952-edition%202021/topic/creating%20the%20group/near/226731598" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/268952-edition-2021/topic/creating.20the.20group.html#226731598">(Feb 17 2021 at 21:52)</a>:</h4>
<p>is everything represented there?</p>



<a name="226731623"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/268952-edition%202021/topic/creating%20the%20group/near/226731623" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mara <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/268952-edition-2021/topic/creating.20the.20group.html#226731623">(Feb 17 2021 at 21:52)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="120518">Eric Huss</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/268952-edition/topic/creating.20the.20group/near/226731016">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>For example, I need to know if and when a future-incompatible 2021 lint is added in order to update <code>cargo fix</code> to work properly.</p>
</blockquote>
<p>(In that case, this is relevant to you: <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/82113#issuecomment-778830702">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/82113#issuecomment-778830702</a>)</p>



<a name="226731985"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/268952-edition%202021/topic/creating%20the%20group/near/226731985" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Huss <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/268952-edition-2021/topic/creating.20the.20group.html#226731985">(Feb 17 2021 at 21:55)</a>:</h4>
<p>It depends on what's included in 2021.  For example, <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/82217">#82217</a> needs to be added to the reference during (or after) the stabilization release.  Usually people don't write reference PRs, and it can be tricky to track all the things that are needed (for 2018 I mostly just had to search the rustc codebase for any mention of 2018).</p>



<a name="226732434"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/268952-edition%202021/topic/creating%20the%20group/near/226732434" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Huss <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/268952-edition-2021/topic/creating.20the.20group.html#226732434">(Feb 17 2021 at 21:58)</a>:</h4>
<p>As another work item, I'm adding an unstable feature gate for 2021 to make it easier to test, and to deal with things like changing cargo's default resolver.</p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Aug 07 2021 at 22:04 UTC</p>
</html>