<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>schedule · edition 2021 · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/268952-edition-2021/index.html">edition 2021</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/268952-edition-2021/topic/schedule.html">schedule</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="236085473"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/268952-edition%202021/topic/schedule/near/236085473" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Huss <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/268952-edition-2021/topic/schedule.html#236085473">(Apr 25 2021 at 18:52)</a>:</h4>
<p>Would it be possible for someone to update the schedule in the tracking document? (Or create a new schedule or maybe a different one already exists?) It seems like it is unrealistic to have everything ready and do a crater run in three weeks.</p>
<p>For example <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/84452#issuecomment-826362457">here</a> needs a decision on how to proceed with bugs in 2021.</p>
<p>Also, it seems like there is a large amount of work left to do in an increasingly short amount of time. I feel like there is a danger that this will spill as pressure on other people (like our parser gurus and myself) that was to be avoided. If things are very far behind schedule, I think it would be helpful if this was made transparent and clear, and calls for help be made to a wider audience if needed.</p>



<a name="236126567"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/268952-edition%202021/topic/schedule/near/236126567" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mara <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/268952-edition-2021/topic/schedule.html#236126567">(Apr 26 2021 at 06:35)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="120518">@Eric Huss</span> thanks for the reminder. we'll make sure to discuss it today in the edition  meeting.</p>



<a name="236202849"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/268952-edition%202021/topic/schedule/near/236202849" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/268952-edition-2021/topic/schedule.html#236202849">(Apr 26 2021 at 16:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hey folks-- we updated our milestones somewhat and I created a <a href="https://github.com/orgs/rust-lang/projects/7">project board</a> that tracks the upcoming milestones and blockers for them (it's not a Kanban Board).</p>



<a name="236202937"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/268952-edition%202021/topic/schedule/near/236202937" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/268952-edition-2021/topic/schedule.html#236202937">(Apr 26 2021 at 16:20)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="120518">@Eric Huss</span> and others, if you are aware of things that are missing, i'd like to get this into a complete state, I think it's pretty close right now though.</p>



<a name="236210141"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/268952-edition%202021/topic/schedule/near/236210141" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Huss <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/268952-edition-2021/topic/schedule.html#236210141">(Apr 26 2021 at 17:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>Looks good, thanks!</p>
<p>I would think merging <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/pull/3085">https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/pull/3085</a> would be a blocker somewhere.</p>
<p>I don't think there is a work item anywhere to track deciding how to handle edition idiom lints.</p>
<p>Will the public test be similar to 2018 where it was temporarily stabilized? Or is the current nightly unstable gate sufficient? If there is work to do there, it might be good to track that and who will do the work.</p>
<p>I'm not sure how detailed the tasks should be broken down as. For example, stabilizing requires work in both the compiler and Cargo, and documentation work.</p>
<p>I'm not sure if you consider this a blocker, but there is work to update other documentation, such as the reference. It took more than a year after 2018 stabilized to update things (and it is still not completely finished). I personally would like to see things documented with the release, but I acknowledge that is not a high priority (and would probably be on me to do it).</p>
<p>As a tangent, I just wanted to check if <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/83386">#83386</a> will be merged before Thursday (beta branch deadline). I'd like to know what to do with the documentation, if it will be in 1.53 or not, and I'd like to move forward today or tomorrow.</p>
<p>Also, it is not clear from that PR, will <code>pat2021</code> be kept, or will it also get renamed?</p>



<a name="236221405"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/268952-edition%202021/topic/schedule/near/236221405" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/268952-edition-2021/topic/schedule.html#236221405">(Apr 26 2021 at 18:28)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="120518">Eric Huss</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/268952-edition-2021/topic/schedule/near/236210141">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>I would think merging <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/pull/3085">https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/pull/3085</a> would be a blocker somewhere.</p>
</blockquote>
<p>lol, good point</p>



<a name="236221653"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/268952-edition%202021/topic/schedule/near/236221653" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/268952-edition-2021/topic/schedule.html#236221653">(Apr 26 2021 at 18:30)</a>:</h4>
<p><span aria-label="sad" class="emoji emoji-2639" role="img" title="sad">:sad:</span> still on my agenda. been quite busy!</p>



<a name="236221897"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/268952-edition%202021/topic/schedule/near/236221897" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/268952-edition-2021/topic/schedule.html#236221897">(Apr 26 2021 at 18:31)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="120518">Eric Huss</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/268952-edition-2021/topic/schedule/near/236210141">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>I don't think there is a work item anywhere to track deciding how to handle edition idiom lints.</p>
</blockquote>
<p>In which way do you mean "how to handle"? I know of two questions</p>
<ul>
<li>Do we retool the compiler so that we can have a single lint that is both a migration lint <em>and</em> an ordinary lint?  (Current plan: yes)</li>
<li>Is there a need for "idiom lints", which are lints that are applied as part of migration to help code in Rust 2021 be nice? (Answer: yes)</li>
</ul>
<p>The latter one was only controversial in the sense that I wasn't sure if "idiom lint" was a useful category long term. I tend to think that those "idiom lints" are mostly style lints that ought to be on all the time; however, I think having a (non-exclusive) category of "idiom lints" that are 'force-enabled' by tooling is great. </p>
<p>It's that a lot of times those lints might more naturally belong elsewhere. For example, a lint about "unused <code>extern</code> crate" might wind up being able to fire a lot more (or only!) in Rust 2018, but I would imagine it belongs as part of the 'unused' group primarily. (is there such a group?)</p>
<p>Anyway, I think this is mostly a question to be resolved with specifics. We should certainly have a central list (which we don't, presently) of all the migration plans and which ones take place in rust 2018 and which require action in rust 2021 too.</p>



<a name="236222057"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/268952-edition%202021/topic/schedule/near/236222057" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/268952-edition-2021/topic/schedule.html#236222057">(Apr 26 2021 at 18:32)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="120518">Eric Huss</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/268952-edition-2021/topic/schedule/near/236210141">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>I'm not sure if you consider this a blocker, but there is work to update other documentation, such as the reference. It took more than a year after 2018 stabilized to update things (and it is still not completely finished). I personally would like to see things documented with the release, but I acknowledge that is not a high priority (and would probably be on me to do it).</p>
</blockquote>
<p>Thanks for raising that. I consider this a blocker, I would like to see that work get done, and i'd prefer it not fall onto your shoulders unless want it there.</p>



<a name="236223014"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/268952-edition%202021/topic/schedule/near/236223014" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/268952-edition-2021/topic/schedule.html#236223014">(Apr 26 2021 at 18:38)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="120518">Eric Huss</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/268952-edition-2021/topic/schedule/near/236210141">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>As a tangent, I just wanted to check if <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/83386">#83386</a> will be merged before Thursday (beta branch deadline). I'd like to know what to do with the documentation, if it will be in 1.53 or not, and I'd like to move forward today or tomorrow.</p>
<p>Also, it is not clear from that PR, will <code>pat2021</code> be kept, or will it also get renamed?</p>
</blockquote>
<p>I was just reviewing and I had the same question. I believe it should be removed.</p>



<a name="236234485"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/268952-edition%202021/topic/schedule/near/236234485" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Huss <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/268952-edition-2021/topic/schedule.html#236234485">(Apr 26 2021 at 20:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>regarding how to handle idioms: I was thinking exactly what you wrote.   The 2018 idioms were a little weird, and I'm uncertain if 2021 will even bother with them.  AFAIK, there currently aren't any idiom lints planned for 2021. So I just want to make sure there is an intentional decision made about what to do there, that it is tracked somehow, and that code and documentation is updated to accommodate that decision.</p>



<a name="236245525"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/268952-edition%202021/topic/schedule/near/236245525" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/268952-edition-2021/topic/schedule.html#236245525">(Apr 26 2021 at 21:15)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="120518">@Eric Huss</span> yes-- I've been hoping we would document that as part of an updated 'overall policy' that <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="224872">@rylev</span> and I have been (in theory) been working on, but i think it'd be good to add that onto the chart, and maybe I'm letting the perfect be the enemy of the good here</p>



<a name="243166921"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/268952-edition%202021/topic/schedule/near/243166921" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Huss <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/268952-edition-2021/topic/schedule.html#243166921">(Jun 18 2021 at 14:18)</a>:</h4>
<p>Are we still targeting 1.56 for stabilizing 2021 (that is, 11 more weeks before beta)?</p>



<a name="243179537"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/268952-edition%202021/topic/schedule/near/243179537" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/268952-edition-2021/topic/schedule.html#243179537">(Jun 18 2021 at 15:57)</a>:</h4>
<p>I believe so, but we have to start pressing the deadlines into service</p>



<a name="243184141"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/268952-edition%202021/topic/schedule/near/243184141" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Huss <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/268952-edition-2021/topic/schedule.html#243184141">(Jun 18 2021 at 16:40)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok. <span aria-label="nervous" class="emoji emoji-1f62c" role="img" title="nervous">:nervous:</span>  11 weeks isn't much time if we also want people to test things and have time to respond to issues found during testing.</p>



<a name="243187726"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/268952-edition%202021/topic/schedule/near/243187726" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/268952-edition-2021/topic/schedule.html#243187726">(Jun 18 2021 at 17:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yeah, the goal was to kick off testing on July 1st</p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 20:01 UTC</p>
</html>