[
    {
        "content": "<p>Hello <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"492\">@T-compiler</span>,</p>\n<p>I started sketching out <strong>possible</strong> meetings in <a href=\"https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Compiler-Rust-All-Hands-2019--AWMRpux2itTQdQariwmdyBfkAg-X8kkUEyVBZmXSzYe6ZCQn\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Compiler-Rust-All-Hands-2019--AWMRpux2itTQdQariwmdyBfkAg-X8kkUEyVBZmXSzYe6ZCQn\">this dropbox paper document</a>. This isn't really a complete list but I'd appreciate feedback on meetings that may be missing, or on agenda items. </p>\n<p>I'm particularly interested in identifying the key unknowns or things where consensus would be useful, as that will help to judge the priority of meetings -- also on \"homework\" we can setup beforehand to help people get up to speed. Feel free to leave comments in dropbox paper or on this zulip thread.</p>\n<p>(Also, there is a bunch of old material at the end I've not deleted yet.)</p>\n<p>I think we plan over next few days to try and make a more concrete schedule so having this information get more concrete is great.</p>",
        "id": 156773158,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1548337809
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(ps, I'm using Dropbox paper for this for a few reasons: it's nice to edit, I like the 'comment' feature, and I expect it will be a major organizational tool at the All Hands.)</p>",
        "id": 156773196,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1548337851
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Let me post a few specific questions here</p>",
        "id": 156775386,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1548339793
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>First off, for everyone:</p>\n<p>The agenda for the <a href=\"https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Compiler-Rust-All-Hands-2019--AWMRpux2itTQdQariwmdyBfkAg-X8kkUEyVBZmXSzYe6ZCQn#:uid=470035453171474089634893&amp;h2=Topic:-Organizational-Planning\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Compiler-Rust-All-Hands-2019--AWMRpux2itTQdQariwmdyBfkAg-X8kkUEyVBZmXSzYe6ZCQn#:uid=470035453171474089634893&amp;h2=Topic:-Organizational-Planning\">Organizational Meeting</a> is something we didn't really talk about at the Planning Meeting. Are there missing things? Is it too diverse? I could see trying to split out a separate meeting. On the other hand, we <em>do</em> have 2 hours, which might be enough.</p>",
        "id": 156775489,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1548339887
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>For <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"124287\">@mw</span>, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116466\">@Zoxc</span>, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"138448\">@Josh Stone</span>:</p>\n<p>I wrote in a <a href=\"https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Compiler-Rust-All-Hands-2019--AWMRpux2itTQdQariwmdyBfkAg-X8kkUEyVBZmXSzYe6ZCQn#:uid=371185506475031743831660&amp;h2=Topic:-rustc-parallelization\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Compiler-Rust-All-Hands-2019--AWMRpux2itTQdQariwmdyBfkAg-X8kkUEyVBZmXSzYe6ZCQn#:uid=371185506475031743831660&amp;h2=Topic:-rustc-parallelization\">rustc parallelization meeting</a>. I think that'd be a good thing to do, although <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116466\">@Zoxc</span> won't be present. It'd probably be good to setup a few goals before hand (e.g., I don't think we want a Rayon fork long term -- I imagine we either want to use standard Rayon, or to roll our own, very simple threadpool, but not something in between). Are there other bits of research or write-ups we should produce? Who will do them?</p>",
        "id": 156775669,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1548340030
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>For <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"131694\">@scalexm</span> and others from <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"692\">@WG-compiler-traits</span>, perhaps <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"126931\">@centril</span>:</p>\n<p>I put in two Chalk meetings, one on the <a href=\"https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Compiler-Rust-All-Hands-2019--AWMRpux2itTQdQariwmdyBfkAg-X8kkUEyVBZmXSzYe6ZCQn\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Compiler-Rust-All-Hands-2019--AWMRpux2itTQdQariwmdyBfkAg-X8kkUEyVBZmXSzYe6ZCQn\">\"lowering rules\"</a> and one on <a href=\"https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Compiler-Rust-All-Hands-2019--AWMRpux2itTQdQariwmdyBfkAg-X8kkUEyVBZmXSzYe6ZCQn\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Compiler-Rust-All-Hands-2019--AWMRpux2itTQdQariwmdyBfkAg-X8kkUEyVBZmXSzYe6ZCQn\">\"implementation details\"</a>. The former I think overlaps somewhat with T-lang. The latter contains both some traits-specific questions but also some broader ones (e.g., the tcx). I'm not sure if we'll have time for both, but it'd be good to maybe leave thoughts on possible agenda items, deliverables, and the like.</p>\n<p>Also, are there other trait-related topics? I could see e.g. trying to work out trait object upcasting.</p>",
        "id": 156775923,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1548340225
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"124288\">@Oli</span> / <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"126931\">@centril</span>:</p>\n<p>Are there things that we need to <strong>decide</strong> about <a href=\"https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Compiler-Rust-All-Hands-2019--AWMRpux2itTQdQariwmdyBfkAg-X8kkUEyVBZmXSzYe6ZCQn#:uid=875044397257538793882044&amp;h2=Topic:-miri-+-const-generics\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Compiler-Rust-All-Hands-2019--AWMRpux2itTQdQariwmdyBfkAg-X8kkUEyVBZmXSzYe6ZCQn#:uid=875044397257538793882044&amp;h2=Topic:-miri-+-const-generics\">const generics</a>? Would it be better to do a \"lecture series\" video on the topic?</p>",
        "id": 156776411,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1548340636
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>From the paper doc:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Estimate impact of inlining perhaps?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I have a <em>very</em> early prototype of MIR based inlining that can build a stage2 rustc. I've tried doing a <code>rustc-perf</code> run locally and the results are negligible. Would it be worth pushing my changes as a WIP branch and getting somebody else to look at them? Given that the results are very close to <br>\n+/- 0%, I'm probably doing something completely wrong.</p>",
        "id": 156776443,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1548340660
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>If you're looking for topics to fill time, you previously mentioned discussing <a href=\"#narrow/stream/147480-t-compiler.2Fdiagnostics/topic/borrowck.20vocabulary\" title=\"#narrow/stream/147480-t-compiler.2Fdiagnostics/topic/borrowck.20vocabulary\">borrowck vocabulary</a>.</p>",
        "id": 156776562,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1548340728
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ah, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116107\">@davidtwco</span>, that reminds me, thanks =) I wanted to add something about 2PB</p>",
        "id": 156776631,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1548340780
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>But also diagnostics</p>",
        "id": 156776638,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1548340790
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I doubt we'll have time for all this, but then there may be some amount of slack</p>",
        "id": 156776648,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1548340801
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>actually I figure this sort of list is useful, as even after all hands we can try to have these conversations</p>",
        "id": 156776707,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1548340814
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span>  did you want discussion of \"Measure performance impact of local interners\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/57214\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/57214\">#57214</a> to be considered part of the item \"e.g., interning pools and so forth\" ? I suspect not since this is more about the local vs global interning, right?</p>",
        "id": 156776841,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1548340935
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>Are there things that we need to <strong>decide</strong> about <a href=\"https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Compiler-Rust-All-Hands-2019--AWMRpux2itTQdQariwmdyBfkAg-X8kkUEyVBZmXSzYe6ZCQn#:uid=875044397257538793882044&amp;h2=Topic:-miri-+-const-generics\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Compiler-Rust-All-Hands-2019--AWMRpux2itTQdQariwmdyBfkAg-X8kkUEyVBZmXSzYe6ZCQn#:uid=875044397257538793882044&amp;h2=Topic:-miri-+-const-generics\">const generics</a>? Would it be better to do a \"lecture series\" video on the topic?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I don't think there's much to be discussed, most of the things are simply taking their time in the RFC process</p>",
        "id": 156776846,
        "sender_full_name": "oli",
        "timestamp": 1548340939
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"124288\">@Oli</span> ok, I also had this sense. There is a meta question about <strong>process</strong> but...</p>",
        "id": 156777172,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1548341262
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span> I was wondering where to fit that in</p>",
        "id": 156777188,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1548341279
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeaaa I didn't want to bring it up :D</p>",
        "id": 156777190,
        "sender_full_name": "oli",
        "timestamp": 1548341282
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> compiler performance?</p>",
        "id": 156777250,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1548341306
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>wait is that even a topic ... /me looks</p>",
        "id": 156777276,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1548341333
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but if we need a guinnea pig for trying out a new way to do RFCs, <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-rfcs/const-eval/pull/8\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-rfcs/const-eval/pull/8\">https://github.com/rust-rfcs/const-eval/pull/8</a> can be used</p>",
        "id": 156777278,
        "sender_full_name": "oli",
        "timestamp": 1548341337
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>yeaaa I didn't want to bring it up :D</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I think we'll be discussing process as part of lang team -- probably compiler team should be involved. Still turning that over in my head a bit.</p>",
        "id": 156777296,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1548341352
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span> I don't have a \"compiler performance\" meeting, seemed too broad. I think that interning pools do impact RLS, that particular PR is also relevant to chalk and other things</p>",
        "id": 156777337,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1548341391
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh well if it impacts RLS then lets fold it in there</p>",
        "id": 156777404,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1548341412
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think that would also be part of the broader resource management question</p>",
        "id": 156777442,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1548341446
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well it feels mildly distinct</p>",
        "id": 156777452,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1548341460
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but releant</p>",
        "id": 156777458,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1548341464
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i.e. we use interning a lot and we should talk about how impacts long-running compiler processes</p>",
        "id": 156777465,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1548341474
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>in particular, the \"short-lived intern pools\" aren't really the question that the RLS needs to wrestle with. OTOH, if we remove them, it may increase pressure on the \"global pool\"</p>",
        "id": 156777470,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1548341486
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but perhaps an overall review of interning is fine</p>",
        "id": 156777477,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1548341497
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>where is resource management as a topic?</p>",
        "id": 156777491,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1548341503
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't see us having time for that during the RLS discussion</p>",
        "id": 156777492,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1548341506
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well, maybe, but not in great depth</p>",
        "id": 156777497,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1548341519
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span> not in the list yet, but I suggested it in a comment there</p>",
        "id": 156777549,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1548341529
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that actually fits into another question I had</p>",
        "id": 156777552,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1548341532
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>which is, do we want sometime to sketch out in more <em>depth</em> stuff like end-to-end queries?</p>",
        "id": 156777573,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1548341556
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>( or do we envision doing that in the RLS )</p>",
        "id": 156777585,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1548341567
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span> not in the list yet, but I suggested it in a comment there</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I skimmed paper and do not see ... well, any comments on the right-hand margin</p>",
        "id": 156777587,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1548341569
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>is that where you left it?</p>",
        "id": 156777596,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1548341574
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think I added it to the lsit</p>",
        "id": 156777597,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1548341577
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and resolved the question</p>",
        "id": 156777598,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1548341580
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ah, ok</p>",
        "id": 156777609,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1548341587
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>/me looks again</p>",
        "id": 156777612,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1548341590
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span> this is the comment you were referring to initially</p>",
        "id": 156777635,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1548341613
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I added that in response to something <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"124287\">@mw</span> wrote</p>",
        "id": 156777642,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1548341623
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>niko added as sub-point</p>",
        "id": 156777643,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1548341623
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh okay, so I've come full circle.</p>",
        "id": 156777648,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1548341625
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm going to add a link to the PR somewhere in that case. Either in a comment or in a further subbullet.</p>",
        "id": 156777703,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1548341655
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>Estimate impact of inlining perhaps?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>inlining has little benefit (in fact -- it is harmful to an extent) without other optimisations, of which we currently have very few/basic currently.</p>",
        "id": 156777912,
        "sender_full_name": "nagisa",
        "timestamp": 1548341849
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>would be interesting if MIR inlining has an effect on compile times (because LLVM has to do less of it)</p>",
        "id": 156778019,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1548341914
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>right, my main interest is compilation time</p>",
        "id": 156778102,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1548341996
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we have in the past theorized that <code>len</code>, <code>transmute</code> and other such things would benefit</p>",
        "id": 156778186,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1548342028
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"124287\">@mw</span> dubious we would see any notable benefits – LLVM/codegen would have to deal with more of the IR initially (as code would now be duplicated across all monomorphisations) and LLVM’s own structures are way more suited than current MIR for mutation that inlining involves.</p>",
        "id": 156778200,
        "sender_full_name": "nagisa",
        "timestamp": 1548342037
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I anticipate benefits down the road once we can optimise the inlined MIR to remove unnecessary stuff, though.</p>",
        "id": 156778242,
        "sender_full_name": "nagisa",
        "timestamp": 1548342066
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Currently, I'm not seeing much of an effect at all. Which might mean my prototype is just broken. Or it might mean it's not currently helpful and is something we should table for now.</p>",
        "id": 156778406,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1548342188
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Another potential topic could be compiletest improvements - moving things to UI tests, improving compiletest's tests, other desired improvements. There was some discussion of this a few months ago.</p>",
        "id": 156781874,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1548344577
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>coincidentally, i'm planning on a test improvements meeting for rustdoc, lol</p>",
        "id": 156781929,
        "sender_full_name": "QuietMisdreavus",
        "timestamp": 1548344636
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>Another potential topic could be compiletest improvements - moving things to UI tests, improving compiletest's tests, other desired improvements. There was some discussion of this a few months ago.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Yeah I've been musing at times about trying to take ownership of <code>compiletest</code> itself and see if we can fix various things in it.</p>",
        "id": 156782028,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1548344687
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>fwiw, optimize(...) PR adds multiple improvements to codegen tests too.</p>",
        "id": 156782197,
        "sender_full_name": "nagisa",
        "timestamp": 1548344781
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(you can now have multiple configurations there and it allows to specify arbitrary optimisation levels for all tests as well)</p>",
        "id": 156782235,
        "sender_full_name": "nagisa",
        "timestamp": 1548344807
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(so now you should be able to get rid of approximately half of the run-make tests that exist entirely because we weren’t able to override the <code>-O</code> before)</p>",
        "id": 156782272,
        "sender_full_name": "nagisa",
        "timestamp": 1548344837
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well s/now/when that PR lands/</p>",
        "id": 156782286,
        "sender_full_name": "nagisa",
        "timestamp": 1548344852
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"123586\">@nagisa</span> r=me</p>",
        "id": 156783373,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1548345613
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(sorry for dropping out earlier, I had some connectivity troubles here)</p>",
        "id": 156789157,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1548350212
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway, I like the idea of compiletest, I can add that perhaps as a kind of mini-meeting</p>",
        "id": 156789172,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1548350226
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I've been thinking that some of these \"meetings\" might be things we can sort of \"opportunistically\" schedule</p>",
        "id": 156789184,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1548350241
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well what I really mean by this is</p>",
        "id": 156789187,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1548350247
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe it's not using one of the official conference rooms etc</p>",
        "id": 156789193,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1548350252
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but something more like \"if there are people lokoing for things to do and they want to dig into it\"</p>",
        "id": 156789205,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1548350266
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"119031\">@Esteban Küber</span> so I see you are attending the All Hands. I am currently contemplating the idea of having one or two \"breakout\" meetings, where the idea is that we split up a bit into smaller groups to work out the design of something, and then share it with the others.</p>\n<p>Would you be interested in leading a breakout session focused on <code>--teach</code>? Are there other things in the area of diagnostics that might be good?</p>",
        "id": 156881630,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1548447642
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>That sounds like a good idea. I'll think of other relevant topics.</p>",
        "id": 156881924,
        "sender_full_name": "Esteban Küber",
        "timestamp": 1548447899
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Let's do it</p>",
        "id": 156881935,
        "sender_full_name": "Esteban Küber",
        "timestamp": 1548447905
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Cool</p>",
        "id": 156881943,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1548447910
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it's not set in stone</p>",
        "id": 156881945,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1548447912
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><strong>To all:</strong></p>\n<p>My <a href=\"https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1kRABnwAIVF_w-n67Wf_vaR6avzKWRkpbTXotLq_GCXE/edit?usp=sharing\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1kRABnwAIVF_w-n67Wf_vaR6avzKWRkpbTXotLq_GCXE/edit?usp=sharing\">current spreadsheet is here</a>, it combines compiler + lang team. I think those are the number of 2-hours slots we will have. (This isn't set in stone yet.)</p>\n<p>To make the most of them, I've designated 2 slots as \"breakout\" topics. These are meant to be things that need focused elaboration. My thought is that we will break up into like 4 groups at each time, with ~60-90 minutes to work on something, and then report back to the others on the rough ideas. </p>\n<p>The idea is that everybody picks <strong>one</strong> topic in any given session. The idea is, while you may be interested in many things, this way you can always hear what the other people did afterwards and give feedback then. I figure we'll adjust the set of topics a bit live, too, e.g. based on the outcome from the IDE/RLS discussion. And then we can spread out the topics to try and minimize \"key conflicts\". </p>\n<p>I've put the organizational meeting at the end for two reasons:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>I thought it would benefit from having worked out the technical details of more things</li>\n<li>This way, we can also be informed by some of the lang team organization discussion. My hope is that Rust development in general can become a bit more \"feature-oriented\", and hence that we might see more collaboration where lang/compiler folks kind of iterate together on a feature in a more official way (this often happens unofficially, of course).</li>\n</ul>\n<p>Sorry that I keep creating new documents. I'm trying to out the best way to represent everything. =) I'll probably move the results ultimately back into a single DropBox Paper document.</p>",
        "id": 156882497,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1548448369
    }
]