[
    {
        "content": "<p>Hello <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"897\">@T-compiler/meeting</span>! The design meeting is <strong>starting now</strong>. Today's today is \"Focused and efficient triage\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/247\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/247\">compiler-team#247</a>. Pre-meeting notes can be found in <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/5theN85oRS6QvyYPZt-vew\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://hackmd.io/5theN85oRS6QvyYPZt-vew\">this hackmd</a>. The primary proposal to be discussed is the idea of creating a <strong>pre-triage working group</strong> -- but more broadly the notes cover some thoughts on the kinds of tasks we need to do, and who should be doing them.</p>\n<p>Please add a <span aria-label=\"wave\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44b\" role=\"img\" title=\"wave\">:wave:</span> emoji to show you are here.</p>\n<p>And now, in the leadup to the meeting, any...</p>\n<h1>Announcements</h1>",
        "id": 189316901,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582901945
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>Niko is getting a coffee</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 189316912,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582901953
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>cc <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"120823\">@DPC</span> meeting is here :)</p>",
        "id": 189317260,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582902164
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ah lol</p>",
        "id": 189317273,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1582902175
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>OK, shall we get started?</p>",
        "id": 189317411,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582902259
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>/me caffeinated</p>",
        "id": 189317419,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582902267
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the document is laid out with a proposal first, but we may want to first review the next section, which summarizes our status today</p>",
        "id": 189317485,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582902309
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah</p>",
        "id": 189317507,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582902334
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(the <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/5theN85oRS6QvyYPZt-vew#Summary-of-needs-and-proposals\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://hackmd.io/5theN85oRS6QvyYPZt-vew#Summary-of-needs-and-proposals\">Summary of needs and proposals</a>)</p>",
        "id": 189317518,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582902338
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the motivation for this meeting I would say is that (a) a lot of work for our current triage process is falling on <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span> and (b) there is a kind of lack of clarity I think around our goals, how we use our labels, etc</p>",
        "id": 189317596,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582902371
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that section <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span> pointed at is an attempt to break down the kinds of things we need to be doing</p>",
        "id": 189317613,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582902389
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>Monitor and identify \"critical bugs\" that are not making progress</li>\n<li>For critical bugs not making progress, find someone to fix</li>\n<li>Making general quality improvements and enhancements (i.e., \"fixing non-critical bugs\")</li>\n<li>Ensuring deferred things are picked up again (e.g., future compatibility warnings)</li>\n<li>Processing new issues, ensuring labels are up to date, identifying bugs that are out of date or have been fixed</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 189317648,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582902413
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>those were the five things we wrote down, but I guess a first question is whether anyone things there are things missing :)</p>",
        "id": 189317664,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582902424
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Notably, we actually are pretty good at \"Making general quality improvements and enhancements\", as already noted in the document.</p>",
        "id": 189317680,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582902436
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(it basically happens organically)</p>",
        "id": 189317688,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582902444
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and our proposal for this meeting, now, is to talk about the first bullet above \"Monitor and identify \"critical bugs\" that are not making progress\"</p>",
        "id": 189317721,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582902480
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and maybe to some extent \"Ensuring deferred things are picked up again (e.g., future compatibility warnings)\" or some of the other</p>",
        "id": 189317785,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582902510
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway I can't tell if folks are nodding along or are busy reading</p>",
        "id": 189317805,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582902524
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>/me busy reading.</p>",
        "id": 189317822,
        "sender_full_name": "nagisa",
        "timestamp": 1582902537
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>both, nodding and reading the doc :)</p>",
        "id": 189317830,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1582902545
    },
    {
        "content": "<div class=\"message_inline_image\"><a href=\"https://media.tenor.com/images/a26b7698efd12174b434caae1e230533/tenor.gif\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://media.tenor.com/images/a26b7698efd12174b434caae1e230533/tenor.gif\"><img src=\"https://media.tenor.com/images/a26b7698efd12174b434caae1e230533/tenor.gif\"></a></div>",
        "id": 189317884,
        "sender_full_name": "Nell Shamrell-Harrington",
        "timestamp": 1582902593
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>OK, I'll give a minute or two, but I'd like to hear folks' thoughts on the \"today\" (and of course the \"proposed\")</p>",
        "id": 189317971,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582902635
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so, yeah: Our proposal for attacking the \"Monitor and identify 'critical bugs' \" is to create a WG to replace what I do</p>",
        "id": 189317972,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582902636
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Do we have, uh, people who would be in that? One concern is that these likely need to be pretty experienced and involved I think to have a good sense</p>",
        "id": 189318044,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1582902697
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span> My take on the current state and our failure to do this mostly lies on the fact that we try to do too much synchronously and thus don’t spend enough time evaluating each separate issue we look at. Moving some of the process to be async via a wg sounds like a possible way forward, sure.</p>",
        "id": 189318055,
        "sender_full_name": "nagisa",
        "timestamp": 1582902708
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ha, a solid question!</p>",
        "id": 189318057,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582902711
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>THat is a good question</p>",
        "id": 189318058,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582902712
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"123586\">@nagisa</span> Indeed. One of the results of some brainstorming that is captured in the document is an attempt to revise our prioritization scheme</p>",
        "id": 189318141,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582902760
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>But then, I feel like we already have an async process – people looking at the issue tracker routinely and sifting through the issues, tagging them etc.</p>",
        "id": 189318173,
        "sender_full_name": "nagisa",
        "timestamp": 1582902793
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Re: who might do it, I've been talking to <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116266\">@Santiago Pastorino</span> about leading up this effort</p>",
        "id": 189318224,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582902833
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think that <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"123586\">@nagisa</span>'s point of async is also quite relevant--</p>",
        "id": 189318242,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582902841
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"123586\">@nagisa</span>  right. I just want to make sure that we have a way to draw attention to the critical bugs that <em>aren't</em> getting addressed.</p>",
        "id": 189318285,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582902851
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i.e., I'm not sure how much experience is <em>truly</em> needed in a \"sync\" way,</p>",
        "id": 189318291,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582902856
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I think we do need some set of folks are dedicated and eager to learn</p>",
        "id": 189318300,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582902870
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I also think it's a good reason for us to be creating and refining guidelines</p>",
        "id": 189318311,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582902878
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design.20meeting.202020-02-28/near/189318300\" title=\"#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design.20meeting.202020-02-28/near/189318300\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>but I think we do need some set of folks are dedicated and eager to learn</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>what I mean by this is ... like maybe at the beginning there are lots of questions, but over time if you've been doing it, I think we'll get a sense for \"which are the things we judge to be most important\"</p>",
        "id": 189318362,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582902904
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and/or who to ask</p>",
        "id": 189318367,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582902909
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yep</p>",
        "id": 189318385,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1582902921
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe it'd be good to talk a bit more concretely?</p>",
        "id": 189318406,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582902938
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>about how group might interface?</p>",
        "id": 189318415,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582902942
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yes, I think that's likely true, though the initial period needs pretty high dedication</p>",
        "id": 189318424,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1582902948
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I can totally do that :)</p>",
        "id": 189318488,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1582902971
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I have a few people in mind. Just have to reach out to them to see if they are willing to join <span aria-label=\"slight smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f642\" role=\"img\" title=\"slight smile\">:slight_smile:</span></p>",
        "id": 189318510,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1582902990
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I personnaly would like to join. I think I'm falling in the <em>folks that are dedicated and eager to learn</em> category</p>",
        "id": 189318574,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1582903036
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>If you need and want to accept newcomers</p>",
        "id": 189318597,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1582903058
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"255061\">@LeSeulArtichaut</span> of course :)</p>",
        "id": 189318615,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1582903072
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We need people who have slight knowledge about the process</p>",
        "id": 189318626,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1582903080
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think we should think a bit about the \"typical flow\" for an issue</p>",
        "id": 189318678,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582903093
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i.e., it gets freshly reported</p>",
        "id": 189318685,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582903097
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and then what happens?</p>",
        "id": 189318689,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582903100
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe for 2 or 3 categories of issues :)</p>",
        "id": 189318704,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582903110
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I am annoyed I didn't try to write this up before hand</p>",
        "id": 189318711,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582903118
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>wg-triage/t-release should apply the appropriate labels at that point</p>",
        "id": 189318737,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1582903132
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>cc the relevant people</p>",
        "id": 189318759,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1582903144
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I'll start editing in the hackmd, btw)</p>",
        "id": 189318765,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582903148
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>right. Today wg-triage tags it with T-compiler and I-nominated</p>",
        "id": 189318771,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582903154
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>which signals it as enqueued for prioritization</p>",
        "id": 189318789,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582903162
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://hackmd.io/5theN85oRS6QvyYPZt-vew?view#Typical-workflow\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://hackmd.io/5theN85oRS6QvyYPZt-vew?view#Typical-workflow\">typical workflow section</a></p>",
        "id": 189318805,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582903171
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and then each week I go through all such issues</p>",
        "id": 189318816,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582903180
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and (currently) attach prioritizaiton labels: P-high/P-medium/P-low.</p>",
        "id": 189318848,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582903201
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"126931\">centril</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design.20meeting.202020-02-28/near/189318759\" title=\"#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design.20meeting.202020-02-28/near/189318759\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>cc the relevant people</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>who are the \"relevant people\"?</p>",
        "id": 189318905,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582903210
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We could push for triage to prioritize as well, though to be honest I have very little sense that our priority labels do... Anything at all. Maybe that's a false impression though.</p>",
        "id": 189318913,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1582903216
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The hackmd proposes some revamping of the priority labels</p>",
        "id": 189318914,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582903216
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span>  e.g. matthewjasper if the issue is about the borrow checker</p>",
        "id": 189318941,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1582903232
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yes, I know. I'm just not sure that we can make them meaningful if people aren't looking at them</p>",
        "id": 189318994,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1582903258
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>One of the questions that's coming up already in this discussion I think is \"should we have 2 distinct triage groups?\" (i.e., release team vs compiler)</p>",
        "id": 189319007,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582903267
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Are people looking at them? Beyond Felix?</p>",
        "id": 189319010,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1582903271
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I think we can sidesteep that for a second</p>",
        "id": 189319017,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582903278
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I would prefer them to be seperate groups</p>",
        "id": 189319035,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1582903289
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and just think about \"triage group\" more generally and then see if things fall into one category or the other</p>",
        "id": 189319037,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582903290
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>in any case it seems like we want some folks to decide \"is this a critical bug\" or not</p>",
        "id": 189319054,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582903300
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and in case people didn't see it, I'm using \"critical\" to mean \"potential release blocker\" (it's obviously true that we don't usually block releases, but I think that term gives a good sense of the kind of severity we're talking about)</p>",
        "id": 189319137,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582903334
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ideally we don't block them because we always fix all the true blockers</p>",
        "id": 189319146,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582903347
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>right. namely, it is <em>not</em> today's P-high</p>",
        "id": 189319149,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582903352
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design.20meeting.202020-02-28/near/189319007\" title=\"#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design.20meeting.202020-02-28/near/189319007\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>One of the questions that's coming up already in this discussion I think is \"should we have 2 distinct triage groups?\" (i.e., release team vs compiler)</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I think at least these things are splitable regardless of being tackled by the same group or two different ones</p>",
        "id": 189319175,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1582903377
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't quite know what you mean, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116266\">@Santiago Pastorino</span></p>",
        "id": 189319206,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582903399
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>do you mean \"the question of whether to have 2 distinct groups can be split out\"?</p>",
        "id": 189319223,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582903415
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>no no, sorry, my message was very confusing, the 2 sets of tasks are clearly splitable</p>",
        "id": 189319256,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1582903439
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design.20meeting.202020-02-28/near/189319175\" title=\"#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design.20meeting.202020-02-28/near/189319175\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I think at least these things are splitable regardless of being tackled by the same group or two different ones</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>which things are splittable ?</p>",
        "id": 189319258,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582903439
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the first part that's tackled by release team and what felix does today</p>",
        "id": 189319318,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1582903461
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The typical work flow for an ICE right now is:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Apply labels (usually ICE), usually includes needs-bisection and needs-mcve</li>\n<li>Nominate for t-compiler mtg</li>\n<li>cc folks to bisect and shrink input</li>\n<li>Felix labels as P-high or something</li>\n<li>Someone magically appears to fix the bug, sometimes due to suggested assignment</li>\n<li>PR gets reviewed and merged</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 189319340,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1582903480
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>sorry I was stating something obvious because that's today handled by different people so of course tasks are splitable :)</p>",
        "id": 189319346,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1582903484
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116122\">simulacrum</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design.20meeting.202020-02-28/near/189319010\" title=\"#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design.20meeting.202020-02-28/near/189319010\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Are people looking at them? Beyond Felix?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>so <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116122\">@simulacrum</span>, by this, you mean looking at the priority labels? I think I dispute the value of them at all. I think that, beyond critical vs non-criticial, we should leave the judgement of how frequently to review bugs, how important they are to fix, etc, to working groups or folks trying to maintain that area of the compiler (and I think we should separate the discussion of how to ensure that each part of the compiler has known maintainers, to some extent, though I do think that's a good thing to discuss).</p>",
        "id": 189319417,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582903543
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So you want the working group to nominate the issues?</p>",
        "id": 189319474,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1582903564
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yes, I mean priority labels</p>",
        "id": 189319477,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1582903567
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so when we said before \"release team applies labels\", we meant both <em>area</em> labels but also <em>nominated</em> labels</p>",
        "id": 189319530,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582903608
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>One thing I’m noticing is that the discussion is heading towards establishing a hierarchical process (while we did have one in the past, it wasn’t very well clear cut): somebody does initial tagging that does not require much looking into the task, then somebody else triages the task more, etc.</p>",
        "id": 189319542,
        "sender_full_name": "nagisa",
        "timestamp": 1582903614
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(and maybe some other, e.g. \"is it a regression\")</p>",
        "id": 189319551,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582903619
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>do all new bugs get nominated? or just some that seem \"sufficiently important\"?</p>",
        "id": 189319598,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582903650
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"123586\">@nagisa</span> i don't know, it doesn't have to be hierarchical necessarily.</p>",
        "id": 189319601,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582903652
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span>  I don't nominate e.g. requires-nightly I-ICEs</p>",
        "id": 189319619,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1582903670
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that's a waste of meeting time</p>",
        "id": 189319625,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1582903676
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"126931\">@centril</span>  so instead such things don't get P-labels in the end, right?</p>",
        "id": 189319705,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582903713
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span> I might just apply P-medium immediately</p>",
        "id": 189319719,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1582903729
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> so I think we're on the same page in the sense that there's no real need for p-labels at all, we need to instead push for \"this bug needs attention first\" basically</p>",
        "id": 189319722,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1582903733
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i.e., other than p-critical it's all the same</p>",
        "id": 189319741,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1582903748
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think I disagree slightly, in that I do think P-labels have meaning</p>",
        "id": 189319753,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582903758
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but that meaning tends to not be useful enough</p>",
        "id": 189319766,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582903769
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>Today: nobody does this “project wide” that we know of</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>(I do look at forward compat stuff from time to time and try to drive some to completion, but one person doing it isn't enough)</p>",
        "id": 189319767,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1582903770
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>heh I almost wrote \"Except for centril\"</p>",
        "id": 189319794,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582903792
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>to be clear, I'm not saying they don't have meaning, yes, just that we're not using that meaning :)</p>",
        "id": 189319797,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1582903795
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and thus I would prefer a labeling scheme that more directly conveys intent. The document brainstorms the idea of switcing to a \"(re)visit frequency\" scheme</p>",
        "id": 189319867,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582903821
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I can help Centril with that if possible</p>",
        "id": 189319868,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1582903821
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so I've been trying to create a slightly expanded version of the workflow that <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"126931\">@centril</span> noted</p>",
        "id": 189319944,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582903882
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I would note a few things</p>",
        "id": 189319950,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582903884
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we might think of the \"canonical\" workflow, but with some room for \"Shortcuts\"</p>",
        "id": 189319966,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582903893
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>time check: we are 31 minutes into the meeting and now I'm not sure what agenda is anymore.</p>",
        "id": 189319975,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582903904
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i.e., the canonical workflow is perhaps that \"release team\" nominates for compiler team triage to process appropriately</p>",
        "id": 189319986,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582903909
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but (a) sometimes those are going to be the same folks and (b) the compiler team publishes its guidelines and plans (ok, not yet)</p>",
        "id": 189320003,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582903920
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so perhaps we can skip nomination if the route is clear and just take those steps</p>",
        "id": 189320054,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582903927
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design.20meeting.202020-02-28/near/189319975\" title=\"#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design.20meeting.202020-02-28/near/189319975\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>time check: we are 31 minutes into the meeting and now I'm not sure what agenda is anymore.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>heh, I thought we were still trying to work out a bit the \"workflow\" for bugs</p>",
        "id": 189320069,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582903942
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>as in, our idealized one? Or capturing current practice?</p>",
        "id": 189320093,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582903963
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but maybe that's too down in the weeds :)</p>",
        "id": 189320098,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582903964
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I was hoping to make the idealized one</p>",
        "id": 189320112,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582903980
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I was starting a bit from what's there today</p>",
        "id": 189320122,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582903990
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok so -- release team nominates for compiler team</p>",
        "id": 189320147,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582904017
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think this is somewhat where things split, right? i.e., we hvae to assess into various \"Categories\" of bug</p>",
        "id": 189320187,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582904040
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think those categories fit into the \"needs\" that we listed int he doc earlier, more or less</p>",
        "id": 189320273,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582904077
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well, maybe not quite</p>",
        "id": 189320296,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582904092
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>T-release/triage does try to \"classify\" bugs before it goes to t-compiler</p>",
        "id": 189320313,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1582904110
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but basically there are some things that can be true (I guess non-exclusive):</p>\n<ul>\n<li>critical -- should be tracked <em>by the compiler team triage group</em>, maybe in addition to others</li>\n<li>needs team discussion -- </li>\n<li>domain -- who should we cc and send this to for further discussion</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 189320361,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582904154
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>in practice today, I add the P-labels, and for <em>some</em> P-high bugs, I decide that its so high priority (effectively P-critical as proposed here) that I add it to the explicit agenda for the weekly meeting.</p>",
        "id": 189320430,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582904180
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so I think part of my goal in this proposal is to formalize that</p>",
        "id": 189320460,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582904196
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I typically join in most meetings with <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span>  to help with adding those labels, etc.)</p>",
        "id": 189320501,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1582904217
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>via the combination of the P-critical tag and the Hz-<em>freq</em> tag</p>",
        "id": 189320524,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582904227
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>One aspect of the proposal that might end up being confusing: if more than one team uses the frequently label, what team does it apply to?</p>",
        "id": 189320562,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1582904264
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(same problem with P-high today &amp; I-nominated today; we usually look at context of nomination etc. to see what it means)</p>",
        "id": 189320568,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1582904270
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't thikn it has to be teams even</p>",
        "id": 189320620,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582904285
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well, I think as long as the bug itself is getting updated with that cadence</p>",
        "id": 189320627,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582904290
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i.e., one thing I was thinking about was</p>",
        "id": 189320628,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582904290
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>then does it matter about the team assignment?</p>",
        "id": 189320635,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582904296
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the async-await working group has been trying to figure out how to manage our internal triage</p>",
        "id": 189320645,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582904300
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and I think that a Hz- like thing might be good, but should that be distinct labels?</p>",
        "id": 189320656,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582904312
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design.20meeting.202020-02-28/near/189320627\" title=\"#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design.20meeting.202020-02-28/near/189320627\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>well, I think as long as the bug itself is getting updated with that cadence</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>that, combined with the triage team checking in at that same frequency (for P-critical bugs) to double check that they are on track to be fixed</p>",
        "id": 189320696,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582904342
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so let's stop one second and revisit what we've said</p>",
        "id": 189320708,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582904351
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it seems like there is general agreement that having a group focused on pre-triage is good</p>",
        "id": 189320723,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582904361
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>instead of having <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span> (and <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"126931\">@centril</span>) sort of do this ad-hoc</p>",
        "id": 189320736,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582904368
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that is already good because  Ithink a lot of this specific stuff we can work out a bit afterwards</p>",
        "id": 189320775,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582904400
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>instead of having <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> (and <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"126931\">centril</span>) sort of do this ad-hoc</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>(and <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116122\">@simulacrum</span> , etc)</p>",
        "id": 189320822,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582904407
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we also talked about this idea of <strong>critical bugs</strong> as a key area of focus -- things that are potential <strong>release blockers</strong></p>",
        "id": 189320834,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582904417
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and it seems like where there was less clarity was just what we should do <em>with</em> those critical bugs</p>",
        "id": 189320896,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582904479
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think establishing the expectations/scope for this group is important</p>",
        "id": 189320902,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582904482
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i.e., that's where the Hz- stuff comes in</p>",
        "id": 189320908,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582904484
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I agree, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span>, that's probably a good scope for the meeting, do you think there is clarity on that? do you want to try and re-state?</p>",
        "id": 189320936,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582904503
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think it's good to ask what's different about this group as compared to wg-triage</p>",
        "id": 189321068,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1582904588
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I feel that unless we very clearly denote what various priority levels mean and what things can be in there, we’ll just end up filling the category with a ton of stuff again.</p>",
        "id": 189321076,
        "sender_full_name": "nagisa",
        "timestamp": 1582904591
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So lets see. Group needs to: 1. identify new P-critical bugs from amongst the nominated issues, 2. revisit the set of all P-critical bugs to double check that they have logged progress.</p>",
        "id": 189321082,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582904595
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"123586\">@nagisa</span> right, as soon as the P-critical set becomes too big to realistically visit on a weekly basis, we have collectively failed.</p>",
        "id": 189321132,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582904630
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(this is what happened with P-high today.)</p>",
        "id": 189321142,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582904639
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>my hope is that by imposing a higher bar for marking something as P-critical, and a more aggressive <em>demoting</em> of such bugs to non P-critical, will help address that.</p>",
        "id": 189321225,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582904668
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I feel that we managed to get this right with the <code>regression-</code> tag – we generally tend to fix them very quickly, or, if we don’t manage to (which happens super rarely) it becomes a <code>regression-from-stable-to-stable</code> and everybody forgets about it.</p>",
        "id": 189321243,
        "sender_full_name": "nagisa",
        "timestamp": 1582904681
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>in terms of expectation, I think there is also (3) of \"prepare key highlights to guide the main meeting\"</p>",
        "id": 189321260,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582904690
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"126931\">centril</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design.20meeting.202020-02-28/near/189321068\" title=\"#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design.20meeting.202020-02-28/near/189321068\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I think it's good to ask what's different about this group as compared to wg-triage</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>its possible wg-triage ends up doing this.</p>",
        "id": 189321274,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582904697
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"123586\">nagisa</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design.20meeting.202020-02-28/near/189321243\" title=\"#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design.20meeting.202020-02-28/near/189321243\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I feel that we managed to get this right with the <code>regression-</code> tag – we generally tend to fix them very quickly, or, if we don’t manage to (which happens super rarely) it becomes a <code>regression-from-stable-to-stable</code> and everybody forgets about it.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>yes, and I think we should kind of formalize this concept, basically. The vast majority of critical bugs, I imagine, will be regressions</p>",
        "id": 189321309,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582904726
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design.20meeting.202020-02-28/near/189321260\" title=\"#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design.20meeting.202020-02-28/near/189321260\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>in terms of expectation, I think there is also (3) of \"prepare key highlights to guide the main meeting\"</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>right. In particular, a list of P-critical bugs that have <em>not</em> made progress or are in danger of slipping into release.</p>",
        "id": 189321331,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582904742
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>is a clear candidate</p>",
        "id": 189321342,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582904749
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>(this is what happened with P-high today.)</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>(worth recognizing the sheer amount of incoming bugs, many of them important, that we get... we do have a staffing issue -- but I think it's the point of reorganizing to get more staff to fix things)</p>",
        "id": 189321425,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1582904783
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span> you wrote \"identify new P-critical bugs from amongst the nominated issues\" but I think there is a slightly larger mandate, to actually just review nominated issues and process them</p>",
        "id": 189321439,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582904796
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>hmm</p>",
        "id": 189321480,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582904822
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>into finer-grained categories (critical, needs team discussion, delegate)</p>",
        "id": 189321496,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582904835
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>not sure about that, beyond tagging something as triaged and tagged as non-critical in some manner?</p>",
        "id": 189321512,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582904843
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that is \"processing it\"</p>",
        "id": 189321532,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582904852
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or that is what I meant by \"delegate\", I guess</p>",
        "id": 189321545,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582904864
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(in particular, we don't expect to review the nominated issues in the meeting)</p>",
        "id": 189321559,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582904874
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(unless they're added to the doc of \"things worth talking about\")</p>",
        "id": 189321621,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582904896
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the thing I don't want is for the pre-triage working group to get bogged down trying to decide what to do with the non-critical bugs</p>",
        "id": 189321639,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582904913
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that is something I want to make explicitly not part of scope; it needs to be delegated as quickly as possible to the relevant subteam.</p>",
        "id": 189321681,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582904944
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes, I think they should just decide \"critical, must be fixed\" or \"not critical, cc some folks and move on\"</p>",
        "id": 189321702,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582904963
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>how will they know who to cc for what?</p>",
        "id": 189321725,
        "sender_full_name": "Nell Shamrell-Harrington",
        "timestamp": 1582904981
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>About delegation, maybe do something with the <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/blob/master/content/experts/map.toml\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/blob/master/content/experts/map.toml\">experts map</a>? Increase its visibility or readability?</p>",
        "id": 189321740,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1582904988
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think we should defer that</p>",
        "id": 189321749,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582904995
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>since we have only 10 minutes left :)</p>",
        "id": 189321796,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582905004
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay I think I see your point <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> again now, your point is that some bugs they won't know whether it needs team discussion or should go direct to P-critical?</p>",
        "id": 189321805,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582905011
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>P-critical bugs would presumably fall into (roughly) meeting agenda organizer's hands for that team</p>",
        "id": 189321855,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1582905041
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>e.g. still <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span></p>",
        "id": 189321871,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1582905049
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>knowing those things requires a certain amount of experience, maybe having hacked on the compiler a bit, knowing the right people, etc.</p>",
        "id": 189321881,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1582905057
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>mm, maybe? my point was that from your description, it read to me as if they were \"scanning nominated bugs\", but I think of it more like \"They are processing the nominations\"</p>",
        "id": 189321882,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582905058
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"225192\">Nell Shamrell-Harrington</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design.20meeting.202020-02-28/near/189321725\" title=\"#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design.20meeting.202020-02-28/near/189321725\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>how will they know who to cc for what?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I think in principle there should be teams focusing on maintance for each area of the compiler</p>",
        "id": 189321885,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582905061
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(yes, we have some notes on that in the doc)</p>",
        "id": 189321911,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582905074
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>e.g. I know to cc matthewjasper when I see something specific in the backtrace of an ICE</p>",
        "id": 189321915,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1582905078
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think we can do better at documenting some of these things but there will still be some element of experience, definitely</p>",
        "id": 189321959,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582905105
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ideally you'd not cc matthewjasper, for example, but \"borrowck maintainance\" or something :)</p>",
        "id": 189321978,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582905118
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>which I guess is sort of <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span>'s point</p>",
        "id": 189322024,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582905127
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but anyway</p>",
        "id": 189322028,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582905129
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design.20meeting.202020-02-28/near/189321882\" title=\"#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design.20meeting.202020-02-28/near/189321882\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>mm, maybe? my point was that from your description, it read to me as if they were \"scanning nominated bugs\", but I think of it more like \"They are processing the nominations\"</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>maybe we're just saying the same thing here <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span>?</p>",
        "id": 189322044,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582905142
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>ideally you'd not cc matthewjasper, for example, but \"borrowck maintainance\" or something <span aria-label=\"slight smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f642\" role=\"img\" title=\"slight smile\">:slight_smile:</span></p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Those are the same thing? :D</p>",
        "id": 189322052,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1582905147
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I mainly want to establish that nobody else ever uses a github query for \"all nominated things\"</p>",
        "id": 189322064,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582905152
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design.20meeting.202020-02-28/near/189321805\" title=\"#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design.20meeting.202020-02-28/near/189321805\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>okay I think I see your point <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> again now, your point is that some bugs they won't know whether it needs team discussion or should go direct to P-critical?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>in practice, I'm not sure we need to distinguish between \"pre-triage didn't know how to prioritize\" vs \"P-critical\"</p>",
        "id": 189322067,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582905155
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(or should have to)</p>",
        "id": 189322070,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582905157
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>in either case, if its not being fixed</p>",
        "id": 189322079,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582905164
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>then it needs to be part of T-Compiler agenda</p>",
        "id": 189322090,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582905172
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>sure, I think that means \"they add it to the meeting agenda\"</p>",
        "id": 189322095,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582905176
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It would be handy if there's a doc with different areas and a person and probably a backup to ping</p>",
        "id": 189322109,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1582905184
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>\"it\" = \"p-critical bug\"?</p>",
        "id": 189322118,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1582905189
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>no</p>",
        "id": 189322131,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582905201
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>not necessarily, I think</p>",
        "id": 189322135,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582905205
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>\"it\" == \"not non-critical bug that is not making progress\"</p>",
        "id": 189322146,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582905214
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think \"it\" is \"some bug where it is unclera what to do\"</p>",
        "id": 189322148,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582905217
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design.20meeting.202020-02-28/near/189322079\" title=\"#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design.20meeting.202020-02-28/near/189322079\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>in either case, if its not being fixed</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>A lot of things aren't being fixed is I guess my point</p>",
        "id": 189322152,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1582905220
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but typically that would be <strong>critical </strong>bug not making progress</p>",
        "id": 189322156,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582905226
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"120823\">DPC</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design.20meeting.202020-02-28/near/189322109\" title=\"#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design.20meeting.202020-02-28/near/189322109\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>It would be handy if there's a doc with different areas and a person and probably a backup to ping</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Isn't that what the experts map is for?</p>",
        "id": 189322162,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1582905231
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>like, we have 5000+ issues that are mostly not making progress, so I'm confusd</p>",
        "id": 189322173,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1582905239
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Experts map?</p>",
        "id": 189322231,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1582905256
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh, not non-critical</p>",
        "id": 189322233,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1582905257
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I see</p>",
        "id": 189322238,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1582905259
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>sorry :)</p>",
        "id": 189322240,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582905262
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>sorry I was trying to be cute</p>",
        "id": 189322247,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582905265
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"120823\">DPC</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design.20meeting.202020-02-28/near/189322231\" title=\"#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design.20meeting.202020-02-28/near/189322231\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Experts map?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/blob/master/content/experts/map.toml\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/blob/master/content/experts/map.toml\">This</a></p>",
        "id": 189322260,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1582905269
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ah thanks that if is up to date should be sufficient</p>",
        "id": 189322292,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1582905293
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>should have written \"potentially or definitely critical, and not being fixed\"</p>",
        "id": 189322296,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582905295
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the high-level view here:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>this group figures out what is the best use of the compiler team triage meeting</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 189322297,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582905296
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>like, we have 5000+ issues that are mostly not making progress, so I'm confusd</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>A lot of those are feature requests, requests for diagnostics improvements, tracking issues, etc.</p>",
        "id": 189322299,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1582905298
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Oops, didn't mean to write that here</p>",
        "id": 189322327,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1582905321
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yes, we don't have a ready way to actually tell if our issue database is completely out of control or not today</p>",
        "id": 189322370,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582905352
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or at least I don't</p>",
        "id": 189322373,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582905354
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I do often sweep through those issues, not easy to close</p>",
        "id": 189322374,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1582905359
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think there is a separable discussion of \"the group, perhaps in conjunction with release team wg-triage, also owns the issue tracker\" and hence it is totally ins cope for them to adjust labels or practices there</p>",
        "id": 189322453,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582905391
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>in order to make things more efficient, better, etc</p>",
        "id": 189322467,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582905402
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but their main job is to cultivate the meeting and to ensure that critical bugs don't get into a release, with a secondary goal of \"relevant folks know about the bugs that they should know about\"</p>",
        "id": 189322518,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582905446
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok, 3 mintues left</p>",
        "id": 189322532,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582905455
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I am wondering if it is possible to preprae a kind of bullet charter</p>",
        "id": 189322545,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582905469
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>my current plan is to continue doing pre-triage as I have been</p>",
        "id": 189322552,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582905472
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>probably not in 3 minutes :)</p>",
        "id": 189322553,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582905472
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We can asynchronously try to establish charter for this group</p>",
        "id": 189322619,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582905498
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>there remains question of whether it should be melded with wg-triage in some way</p>",
        "id": 189322632,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582905512
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I would lean strongly towards no, at least not initially</p>",
        "id": 189322680,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1582905551
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I have noticed a somewhat of an explosion of new issues, getting opened faster than we can close... we were holding below 5000 for a long time and then we couldn't do it anymore)</p>",
        "id": 189322693,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1582905562
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116266\">@Santiago Pastorino</span> wasn't wrong that these <strong>can</strong> be two separate tasks. But there may be efficiency gains from trying to synergize efforts there</p>",
        "id": 189322698,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582905565
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if membership is the same or strongly overlapping that's fine though</p>",
        "id": 189322700,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1582905566
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The triage wg mainly consists of newcomers though</p>",
        "id": 189322720,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1582905583
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So we need \"wg-advanced-triage\"? :D</p>",
        "id": 189322733,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1582905598
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design.20meeting.202020-02-28/near/189322698\" title=\"#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design.20meeting.202020-02-28/near/189322698\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> wasn't wrong that these <strong>can</strong> be two separate tasks. But there may be efficiency gains from trying to synergize efforts there</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>definitely, I even wonder if I should participate on both efforts and how crazy that would be :)</p>",
        "id": 189322735,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1582905599
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>triaged-squared</p>",
        "id": 189322789,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582905609
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>cubaged</p>",
        "id": 189322830,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582905645
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay that's enough out of me</p>",
        "id": 189322841,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582905658
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe we should make a separate topic</p>",
        "id": 189322867,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582905672
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it seems like it makes sense to have triage efforts that are progressively narrower</p>",
        "id": 189322868,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582905674
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>in terms of expertise</p>",
        "id": 189322872,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582905676
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>for people to join who are interested in participating a drafting of charter?</p>",
        "id": 189322894,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582905690
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I mean in future we can always merge them if we consider one of them redundant</p>",
        "id": 189322895,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1582905691
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway, I started toying with a <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/5theN85oRS6QvyYPZt-vew?view#%E2%80%9CMission-statement%E2%80%9D-for-proposed-group\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://hackmd.io/5theN85oRS6QvyYPZt-vew?view#%E2%80%9CMission-statement%E2%80%9D-for-proposed-group\">mission statement</a> but yes let's end the meeting now ;)</p>",
        "id": 189322920,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582905714
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design.20meeting.202020-02-28/near/189322894\" title=\"#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design.20meeting.202020-02-28/near/189322894\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>for people to join who are interested in participating a drafting of charter?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>what does that means?</p>",
        "id": 189322973,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1582905725
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design.20meeting.202020-02-28/near/189322894\" title=\"#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design.20meeting.202020-02-28/near/189322894\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>for people to join who are interested in participating a drafting of charter?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>yep, I will spin up a topic in <a class=\"stream\" data-stream-id=\"185694\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta\">#t-compiler/wg-meta</a> I think</p>",
        "id": 189322977,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582905728
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design.20meeting.202020-02-28/near/189322973\" title=\"#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design.20meeting.202020-02-28/near/189322973\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design.20meeting.202020-02-28/near/189322894\" title=\"#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design.20meeting.202020-02-28/near/189322894\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>for people to join who are interested in participating a drafting of charter?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>what does that means?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>well, what I was thinking is: If a person is interested in assisting and wants to help write down what the group will do</p>",
        "id": 189323044,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582905779
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>then they could join in that area</p>",
        "id": 189323061,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582905788
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah, I can help</p>",
        "id": 189323071,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1582905796
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I can, too</p>",
        "id": 189323078,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1582905803
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I should probably be in this group but I wonder if I have time...</p>",
        "id": 189323108,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1582905820
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well</p>",
        "id": 189323188,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582905853
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>You have a 25 min break xD</p>",
        "id": 189323192,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1582905855
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>my own hope is that by adding people</p>",
        "id": 189323197,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582905859
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it will end up being less of a burden to each participant</p>",
        "id": 189323211,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582905869
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or maybe <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"126931\">@centril</span> you just meant \"do I have time this moment to participate in the charter discussion\" ?</p>",
        "id": 189323239,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582905893
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>is the goal for the triage group to have meetings?</p>",
        "id": 189323247,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1582905896
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>created <a class=\"stream-topic\" data-stream-id=\"185694\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/charter.20for.20focused.20and.20efficient.20triage\">#t-compiler/wg-meta &gt; charter for focused and efficient triage</a></p>",
        "id": 189323287,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582905918
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Does any group have \"have meetings\" as a goal (rather than a means to an end) ?</p>",
        "id": 189323296,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582905925
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span>  not the charter discussion but the group itself</p>",
        "id": 189323305,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1582905932
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I was thinking we could have a meeting to aggregate the efforts and prepare the report which Niko was talking about last week</p>",
        "id": 189323318,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1582905938
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span> let me rephrase: will the group have regular meetings? :D</p>",
        "id": 189323349,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1582905960
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I would imagine the group operating in some combination of sync/async, that's to be worked out by group itself imo</p>",
        "id": 189323403,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582905971
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"120823\">DPC</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design.20meeting.202020-02-28/near/189323318\" title=\"#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design.20meeting.202020-02-28/near/189323318\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I was thinking we could have a meeting to aggregate the efforts and prepare the report which Niko was talking about last week</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>basically this</p>",
        "id": 189323414,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1582905982
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I suppose its up to the group to decide <em>how</em> it will achieve the visit frequency we hope for</p>",
        "id": 189323422,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582905994
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yep</p>",
        "id": 189323433,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1582906001
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I made a choice to try to do pre-triage at roughly the same time, or at least same day, each week</p>",
        "id": 189323471,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582906027
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Anyway</p>",
        "id": 189323521,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582906060
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>time is up</p>",
        "id": 189323523,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582906061
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>thanks to <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"897\">@T-compiler/meeting</span> for attending!!!</p>",
        "id": 189323532,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1582906067
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hey -- can somebody prepare the minutes for this meeting and post a PR to compiler-team (similar to <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/255\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/255\">compiler-team#255</a>). I think this would be done by (a) starting with the hackmd we prepared and adding links to notable comments or points, it may not require much editing honestly, I don't remember. <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116266\">@Santiago Pastorino</span> maybe you want to do that?</p>",
        "id": 190379463,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1584013008
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes, I can do that</p>",
        "id": 190384767,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1584017145
    }
]