[
    {
        "content": "<p>Hi team, I was mentioned by <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"123586\">@nagisa</span>'s comment about what to do with RLS issues. <br>\n<a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/58858#issuecomment-927108585\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/58858#issuecomment-927108585</a></p>",
        "id": 255104288,
        "sender_full_name": "apiraino",
        "timestamp": 1632770194
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>My understanding of the question is (pls <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"123586\">nagisa</span> correct me if I misread your suggestion) do we want to handle RLS issues weekly in the T-compiler weekly agenda (was originally one of the goals of <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/54818\">#54818</a>)? Can wg-prioritization help? If yes, how?</p>",
        "id": 255104314,
        "sender_full_name": "apiraino",
        "timestamp": 1632770203
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>In <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/58858\">#58858</a> there's a mention about filtering issues <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+sort%3Aupdated-desc+label%3AT-dev-tools+-label%3AT-rustdoc\">by T-dev-tools label</a>, which I am not sure about the lifecycle: who handles these issues? Perhaps <a href=\"https://www.rust-lang.org/governance/teams/dev-tools\">dev-tools on Discord</a>?</p>",
        "id": 255104334,
        "sender_full_name": "apiraino",
        "timestamp": 1632770208
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Or else, update <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/54818\">#54818</a> and exclude RLS? Is RLS actively maintained?<br>\nAnyway, just thinking aloud, I'd like to figure out a bit the context :-)</p>",
        "id": 255104363,
        "sender_full_name": "apiraino",
        "timestamp": 1632770219
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>My understanding is that originally the proposal was to have RLS be part of weekly meetings but I'm not sure if it makes sense anymore. I pinged you primarily because you handle the agenda and might have an idea about what makes sense here</p>",
        "id": 255104625,
        "sender_full_name": "nagisa",
        "timestamp": 1632770326
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>To me just closing that issue as won't fix kinda makes most sense.</p>",
        "id": 255104711,
        "sender_full_name": "nagisa",
        "timestamp": 1632770370
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok this was mentioned in T-compiler weekly meeting: <a class=\"stream-topic\" data-stream-id=\"238009\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bweekly.5D.202021-10-07.20.2354818\">#t-compiler/meetings &gt; [weekly] 2021-10-07 #54818</a> and agreed we can stirke rls 1.0 from <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/54818\">#54818</a> leaving a note (I'll take care of it) and close this issue</p>",
        "id": 256593729,
        "sender_full_name": "apiraino",
        "timestamp": 1633619298
    }
]