[
    {
        "content": "<p>Welp, <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"897\">@T-compiler/meeting</span>, it's that time again! The steering meeting is in two days so I wanted to discuss what topic we should discuss. Nominations would be welcome!</p>\n<p>My proposed topic would be to kick around the idea of a regular design meeting -- I have a <a href=\"https://gist.github.com/nikomatsakis/3afbec52758741727e4535d973bb0667\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://gist.github.com/nikomatsakis/3afbec52758741727e4535d973bb0667\">proposal here</a> that I would like feedback on.</p>\n<p>Another thought I had was that it would be useful to discuss working groups -- what's working (no pun intended), what's not, and what we might change. </p>\n<p>Thoughts?</p>",
        "id": 163038549,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1554925302
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>+1 for design meeting. especially some sort of check-in to know what everyone is up to</p>",
        "id": 163038717,
        "sender_full_name": "eddyb",
        "timestamp": 1554925443
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and what our vision is</p>",
        "id": 163038856,
        "sender_full_name": "eddyb",
        "timestamp": 1554925552
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>fragmented as it may be :P</p>",
        "id": 163038859,
        "sender_full_name": "eddyb",
        "timestamp": 1554925556
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I like the idea of discussing what’s working and what isn’t with the working groups - anything we can do to ensure they’re successful.</p>",
        "id": 163051066,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1554934321
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think both topics are good to discuss and we may be able to discuss them in the same meeting</p>",
        "id": 163087134,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1554977703
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Another topic that might be relevant -- and I think we can include it -- is where to make strategic decisions like \"do we need a working group to do memory reduction\". But I think this is quite relevant to the design meeting, since I think that might be a good venue for this. I originally intended for this to be the role of the steering meeting, but it seems like the steering meeting has been serving a <em>somewhat</em> different purpose, and that seems...good.</p>",
        "id": 163104017,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1554992618
    }
]