[
    {
        "content": "<p>Hi <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"897\">@T-compiler/meeting</span>! It's been 3 weeks since our last steering meeting, in which we discussed the idea of a design meeting. I recently landed a first draft of a more specific proposal, which you can <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/blob/master/procedures/steering-meeting.md\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/blob/master/procedures/steering-meeting.md\">find on the compiler-team repository</a>. </p>\n<p>The purpose of this topic is to discuss what we should do in this week's steering meeting (this Friday). I wanted to suggest that we review the proposed design meeting process:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>make sure there is general understanding</li>\n<li>pick a date to hold the first planning meeting and begin the cycle (perhaps next week)</li>\n<li>brainstorm out some initial set of proposals people can prepare to get things going</li>\n</ul>\n<p>This may not take the full time. That seems ok, we can always cancel, but people might also have other things they'd like to talk about to fill the time.</p>\n<p>Anyway, does this sound good? Other thoughts?</p>",
        "id": 164555548,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1556643711
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe I should write up a proposal for <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/43081#issuecomment-487985457\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/43081#issuecomment-487985457\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/43081#issuecomment-487985457</a>  before getting into all the \"def layer\" stuff?</p>",
        "id": 164555995,
        "sender_full_name": "eddyb",
        "timestamp": 1556644064
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it seems more pressing (as anything that happens to slip for months :P)</p>",
        "id": 164556063,
        "sender_full_name": "eddyb",
        "timestamp": 1556644090
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it will probably involve enough changes to allow macro expansion to become incremental (modulo name resolution, I suppose)</p>",
        "id": 164556505,
        "sender_full_name": "eddyb",
        "timestamp": 1556644413
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>maybe I should write up a proposal for <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/43081#issuecomment-487985457\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/43081#issuecomment-487985457\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/43081#issuecomment-487985457</a>  before getting into all the \"def layer\" stuff?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"119009\">@eddyb</span> I was actually going to suggest exactly that. This feels like a topic where it'd be great to spend a bit of time to (a) bring it back in cache and (b) talk about the right sol'n</p>",
        "id": 164571714,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1556654612
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think I know how to tie it into <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"133169\">@matklad</span>'s ideas for the future of parsing</p>",
        "id": 164610942,
        "sender_full_name": "eddyb",
        "timestamp": 1556702327
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>by layering the problems and picking out what we can do now to improve the proc macro situation</p>",
        "id": 164610962,
        "sender_full_name": "eddyb",
        "timestamp": 1556702354
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> one thing I'm struggling with is where to put a very-long-term plan</p>",
        "id": 164611432,
        "sender_full_name": "eddyb",
        "timestamp": 1556702908
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>which we may want to discuss bits of</p>",
        "id": 164611434,
        "sender_full_name": "eddyb",
        "timestamp": 1556702914
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess I'll use hackmd and then pick parts from it</p>",
        "id": 164611458,
        "sender_full_name": "eddyb",
        "timestamp": 1556702942
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Thanks for cc <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"119009\">eddyb</span> ! This is indeed an interesting problem which has implications for IDEs, so I am especially interested in the long-term vision here.  I have ideas about how to reconcile token-tree based AST, which is needed for macros, and CST-based AST, which is arguably needed  for IDEs, but I haven't actually gotten to trying them out. </p>\n<p>I also don't have a usual class this Friday, so I'll be available for the steering meeting.</p>",
        "id": 164614017,
        "sender_full_name": "matklad",
        "timestamp": 1556706271
    }
]