[
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"897\">@T-compiler/meeting</span>, I pushed a <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/blob/master/working-groups/traits/NOTES.md\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/blob/master/working-groups/traits/NOTES.md\">trait working group update</a> to the compiler-team repository. This took me longer than I would like, in part because I was trying to figure out how much detail and doing other administrivia tasks, but there you have it. </p>\n<p><span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"692\">@WG-compiler-traits</span>, if you think anything is missing, please let me know and I'll amend! I apologize in advance.</p>",
        "id": 158873142,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550574945
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span> -- did you plan to push an update for NLL? I <em>sigh</em> still haven't found time to read that thread but I have a few thoughts of things I wanted to add. In particular, I wanted to put down some notes on the work that <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"128294\">@blitzerr</span> has been doing on closure desugaring and discuss who should work with them on it (I would love to continue doing so, but I fear I may be too inattentive)</p>",
        "id": 158873202,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550575009
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'll do <em>something</em> for the NLL update, perhaps after the meeting tonight?</p>",
        "id": 158875423,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1550577472
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh wait, the NLL meetings are on wednesday now <span aria-label=\"face palm\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f926\" role=\"img\" title=\"face palm\">:face_palm:</span></p>",
        "id": 158880215,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1550582249
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well I will nonetheless put something up there</p>",
        "id": 158880441,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1550582418
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>-delete-</p>",
        "id": 158892082,
        "sender_full_name": "csmoe",
        "timestamp": 1550591634
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> Good stuff. I'll try to watch that video later and get up to speed...</p>",
        "id": 158892645,
        "sender_full_name": "Alexander Regueiro",
        "timestamp": 1550592053
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So I'm debating how best to <em>confirm</em> the agenda for the WG-checkin during the triage meeting</p>",
        "id": 158923319,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1550613906
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>For this first go-round, I'm assuming we'll plan to hear from someone from NLL (e.g. me) and someone from WG-traits</p>",
        "id": 158923362,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1550613944
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> should I assume you'll represent the WG-traits at the triage meeting on Thursday?</p>",
        "id": 158923427,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1550613964
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span> yep</p>",
        "id": 158923458,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550613986
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It certainly sounds like there's some shakeup going on regarding universes from what I see in the stream over in  t-compiler/wg-traits</p>",
        "id": 158923459,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1550613986
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yep</p>",
        "id": 158923477,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550613998
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well, big shakeup not exactly sure</p>",
        "id": 158923503,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550614022
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Okay. On the NLL side its not clear what the check in will look like. But even if nothing else comes up at the NLL meeting tomorrow, I think we can (should?) use whatever time is left in the NLL slot to talk about Place 2.0</p>",
        "id": 158923521,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1550614032
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway, I think as a matter of <em>procedure</em>, we should have a standard spot (presumably somewhere in the <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team\">https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team</a> repo structure) where the T-compiler meeting organizer can look to find the relevant contact from T-compiler for each WG</p>",
        "id": 158923656,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1550614121
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>obviously I was able to infer it today.</p>",
        "id": 158923682,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1550614148
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe it can just be a table embedded in <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/blob/master/working-groups/README.md\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/blob/master/working-groups/README.md\">https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/blob/master/working-groups/README.md</a> ?</p>",
        "id": 158923728,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1550614173
    }
]