[
    {
        "content": "<p>Hey <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"492\">@T-compiler</span>, JFYI, I <a href=\"https://internals.rust-lang.org/t/compiler-steering-committee-meeting/8588\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://internals.rust-lang.org/t/compiler-steering-committee-meeting/8588\">wrote an internals post</a> that proposes that we start holding a Compiler Steering Committee Meeting once per release. This is an effort to get past triage and start being more pro-active. I proposed Friday Oct 26 at 10am EST (same time as compiler meeting) for the first such event.</p>",
        "id": 135929310,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1539723697
    }
]