[
    {
        "content": "<p>Hey <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span> -- so I just read the transcript from weekly meeting yesterday. I think we should hold a meeting today, but expect it to be very lightly attended -- perhaps just us two =) </p>\n<p>Normally we would do a planning meeting and I think we should do a sort of planning -- but it won't take long to schedule meetings, as there aren't many options. So maybe we can touch base on some of these other things (and people can chime in with thoughts if they're around):</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Triage working group: should we try to kick something off? Can we get more specific about what we think there?</li>\n<li>Month of July/August -- what planning do we need to do to prep for you being on parental leave for 2 months? I'll also be away. We already sync'd some with <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"123586\">@nagisa</span> (though we should firm up those plans), but maybe there are other things to discuss?</li>\n</ul>\n<p>Also, regarding rescheduling the meeting, that seems good. I don't love having it on Friday either. We can either pick a time unilaterally or create a doodle poll, something like that.</p>",
        "id": 169700370,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562324257
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> , that sounds great.</p>",
        "id": 169700647,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1562324587
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>cc <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"897\">@T-compiler/meeting</span>  ^</p>",
        "id": 169700650,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1562324595
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess also:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Should we hold some further meeting on triage next week (at whatever time)</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 169700658,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562324627
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I would note that the current slot:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Is super early on US west coast</li>\n<li>Is saturday in NZ :)</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 169700665,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562324641
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(We'll never get a single perfect slot, of course.)</p>",
        "id": 169700715,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562324664
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hello <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"897\">@T-compiler/meeting</span> -- meeting, but I've got an urgent call to wrap up, so 5 minute</p>",
        "id": 169710762,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562335250
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ohai!</p>\n<p>HackMD document: <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/dvgegmdgQVSMbC4rcjG6EA?view\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://hackmd.io/dvgegmdgQVSMbC4rcjG6EA?view\">https://hackmd.io/dvgegmdgQVSMbC4rcjG6EA?view</a></p>",
        "id": 169711034,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562335460
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that is probably not today's agenda</p>",
        "id": 169711059,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1562335499
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>see niko's note at top</p>",
        "id": 169711066,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1562335504
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Oh; hehe;</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>but expect it to be very lightly attended -- perhaps just us two =) </p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Seems there are more than 2 folks ;)</p>",
        "id": 169711178,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562335571
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(One thing that's been brought up before and I'd like to quickly address is having per WG P-labels to ease conversations)</p>",
        "id": 169711194,
        "sender_full_name": "Esteban Küber",
        "timestamp": 1562335591
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(the reasons being 1. we had intended for each monthly cycle to start with a planning meeting, and 2. we were not sure attendance for today's meeting will be at the level we'd like for a proper discussion of the maintenance/triage topic)</p>",
        "id": 169711197,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1562335593
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>((In particular I am not sure we would want to hold the maintenance/triage meeting with <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"123586\">@nagisa</span>  or <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"119009\">@eddyb</span> absent. But hey, on the other hand, if people are clamoring to have that talk, we can at least get the conversation <em>started</em> today.))</p>",
        "id": 169711332,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1562335695
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>OK, I'm back.</p>",
        "id": 169711340,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562335709
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Sorry about that.</p>",
        "id": 169711344,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562335713
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>If we are going to talk triage, cc <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116122\">@simulacrum</span>  and <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"121055\">@Pietro Albini</span></p>",
        "id": 169711388,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562335751
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> , maybe we can try to cover the most pressing matters at the outset</p>",
        "id": 169711494,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1562335816
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Well I had listed three possible agenda items:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>(Re-)scheduling any upcoming meetings (notably, a dedicated meeting arond)</li>\n<li>Checking in on plans for the summer -- what prep work do we need to do</li>\n<li>Adjusting the time of this meeting for the future</li>\n<li>Can we start some kind of triage group, as discussed? (which overlaps with a dedicated meeting)</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 169711502,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562335821
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I agree we should probably sort, that is in no particular order</p>",
        "id": 169711519,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562335837
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and then given that we do have a number of people present, we could try to work-steal items from the triage/maintanance doc as needed.</p>",
        "id": 169711524,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1562335840
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think most pressing question is plans for summer with both you and I absent. as you noted above, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"123586\">@nagisa</span> has already said they can step up to run the Thursday meeting</p>",
        "id": 169711588,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1562335909
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Seems good -- I propose we start by briefly discussing the timing for this meeting going forward. It seems like there is a lot of interest in picking a new time.</p>\n<p>I propose that I create a doodle, we advertise it here and over e-mail, wait until Monday, and then pick a new time based on that :)</p>",
        "id": 169711592,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562335915
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>heh okay I'm going to let you steer</p>",
        "id": 169711639,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1562335925
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Reviewing stalls are the thing that bother me most in people being absent.</p>",
        "id": 169711654,
        "sender_full_name": "Vadim Petrochenkov",
        "timestamp": 1562335938
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Presuming that seems fine, then I agree <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span> checking in on the immediate plans is a good next thing to discuss</p>",
        "id": 169711673,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562335942
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>OK, I'm going to assume everyone agrees to that plan =)</p>",
        "id": 169711721,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562335984
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Especially the Zoxc situation, when we are losing the full scale work from a senior developer .</p>",
        "id": 169711751,
        "sender_full_name": "Vadim Petrochenkov",
        "timestamp": 1562336015
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>is there an email for T-compiler/meeting?</p>",
        "id": 169711756,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1562336021
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>In terms of absence, we have at least the following extended absences coming up:</p>\n<ul>\n<li><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span> for 2 months</li>\n<li><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> for ~1 month (but I will likely do some work the week of July 22)</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 169711757,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562336022
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Due to lack of reviewing.</p>",
        "id": 169711766,
        "sender_full_name": "Vadim Petrochenkov",
        "timestamp": 1562336026
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Incidentally, I'm not sure how much <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116010\">@Aaron Turon</span> has communicated this, but he has been reviewing and reading into the parallel compilation code.</p>",
        "id": 169711822,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562336056
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> this sounds pretty bad; I think t-compiler reviewership rate is already bad</p>",
        "id": 169711831,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562336070
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I was meaning to ping him today (over in <a class=\"stream\" data-stream-id=\"187679\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/187679-t-compiler.2Fwg-parallel-rustc\">#t-compiler/wg-parallel-rustc</a>) to discuss his thoughts)</p>",
        "id": 169711834,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562336073
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I know Zoxc has a number of other PRs that don't fit into that category)</p>",
        "id": 169711867,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562336118
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(The bus factor on the infer/traits code in the compiler is also low)</p>",
        "id": 169711900,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562336158
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hmm. Should we try to do an audit of all open T-compiler PRs? (Not \"live\")</p>",
        "id": 169711972,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562336201
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Reviewing is interesting because it has a relationship to triage but is distinct from the concerns we've been discussing. I agree it's been hard to stay on top of it.</p>",
        "id": 169711983,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562336217
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the first bullet on the <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/dvgegmdgQVSMbC4rcjG6EA?view\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://hackmd.io/dvgegmdgQVSMbC4rcjG6EA?view\">maintenance/triage hackmd doc</a> says \"are there topics we should cover not on this list\" ; sounds like \"keeping up with reviews is one I need to add.</p>",
        "id": 169712000,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1562336235
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Indeed.</p>",
        "id": 169712005,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562336241
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>btw, it's good if y'all have some way to tell T-release about when T-compiler members are on vacation, etc. so that we can reassign PRs and such.</p>",
        "id": 169712065,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562336285
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think that some of the problem there is also what the design meetings were <em>intended</em> to address -- i.e., particularly for bigger refactoring PRs, there aren't a lot of design documents available, making reviewing quite hard.</p>",
        "id": 169712069,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562336288
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>btw, it's good if y'all have some way to tell T-release about when T-compiler members are on vacation, etc.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>why don't we create a calendar on the compiler-team repo?</p>",
        "id": 169712091,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562336311
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so wifi is down in the office and I took my time switching to a phone hotspot....</p>",
        "id": 169712096,
        "sender_full_name": "eddyb",
        "timestamp": 1562336318
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>although ultimately seems like something that would be nice to add to the team repo in general</p>",
        "id": 169712106,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562336326
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Still, i'd like to focus on actions we can take over next week to lay groundwork. There are basically two things to consider:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>revising existing PRs</li>\n<li>reviewing new PRs that come in</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 169712150,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562336386
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't have much of a better idea for existing PRs than to try and do a survey and work through it?</p>",
        "id": 169712209,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562336403
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the most obvious thing I can think of is to make reviewing the PR review queue part of weekly pre-triage</p>",
        "id": 169712230,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1562336421
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so that the triager can potentially reassign things that haven't gotten addressed.</p>",
        "id": 169712243,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1562336437
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>weekly pre-triage already seems stretched</p>",
        "id": 169712248,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562336440
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I am somewhat loathe to make that task even bigger</p>",
        "id": 169712251,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1562336444
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes exactly</p>",
        "id": 169712253,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1562336449
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>confirm to all those things :)</p>",
        "id": 169712254,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562336450
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>still the answer might be to parallelize</p>",
        "id": 169712264,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1562336460
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>so that the triager can potentially reassign things that haven't gotten addressed.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>this is T-release's job, I think</p>",
        "id": 169712269,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562336463
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I was going to say, there is already some effort to do this</p>",
        "id": 169712285,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562336473
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>its T-release's job to reassign PR's in review queue?</p>",
        "id": 169712296,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1562336481
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span>  yes.</p>",
        "id": 169712300,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562336486
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay</p>",
        "id": 169712302,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1562336489
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>If T-release knows who to reassign to we can do it</p>",
        "id": 169712311,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562336501
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>of course knowing whom to reassign to is itself an issue</p>",
        "id": 169712359,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1562336524
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but we need to know \"Who are the experts?\" (experts map should help)</p>",
        "id": 169712362,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562336525
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I had a thought about this recently:</p>",
        "id": 169712369,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1562336533
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>right, in theory we have this map in part for this reason</p>",
        "id": 169712372,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562336535
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if any topic is important enough/big enough to have a label</p>",
        "id": 169712379,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1562336541
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>then there should be an owner for that label</p>",
        "id": 169712385,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1562336552
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I’m here now.</p>",
        "id": 169712392,
        "sender_full_name": "nagisa",
        "timestamp": 1562336557
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>someone who knows enough to re-delegate tickets+PR's in that area</p>",
        "id": 169712399,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1562336563
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We also need an <code>@rfcbot roll</code> command, selecting an arbitrary reviewer from the team, but not the previous one <span aria-label=\"slight smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f642\" role=\"img\" title=\"slight smile\">:slight_smile:</span></p>",
        "id": 169712407,
        "sender_full_name": "Vadim Petrochenkov",
        "timestamp": 1562336570
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>We also need an <code>@rfcbot roll</code> command, selecting an arbitrary reviewer from the team, but not the previous one :)</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I was going to suggest that :)</p>",
        "id": 169712418,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562336581
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"123856\">@Vadim Petrochenkov</span>  seems like <code>r? @rust-lang/compiler</code></p>",
        "id": 169712435,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562336595
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but reassigning to random t-compiler members is suboptimal; I can often do better</p>",
        "id": 169712457,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562336628
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(Or rather high-five bot.)<br>\nYes, <code>r? @rust-lang/compiler</code> is what I used a few times, but the bot doesn't understand it.</p>",
        "id": 169712463,
        "sender_full_name": "Vadim Petrochenkov",
        "timestamp": 1562336636
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>but reassigning to random t-compiler members is suboptimal; I can often do better</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>yeah this is why I was thinking having official way to narrow based on label(s) would be good</p>",
        "id": 169712523,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1562336656
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"123856\">@Vadim Petrochenkov</span>  <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/highfive/issues/187\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/highfive/issues/187\">https://github.com/rust-lang/highfive/issues/187</a></p>",
        "id": 169712544,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562336671
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so we had this experts map that <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116266\">@Santiago Pastorino</span> made, which is machine readable, but some work needs to be done to fill it out more completely.</p>",
        "id": 169712551,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562336678
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Tooling improvements aside, I think that there are two actionable things here:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Reviewing existing PRs</li>\n<li>Reviewing the <em>expert map</em> and trying to figure out what reviewers exist, see if we can ensure it is complete</li>\n</ul>\n<p>As <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"126931\">@centril</span> pointed out, I think the bus factor is a big problem here, but not one that is <em>easily</em> solved.</p>",
        "id": 169712626,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562336754
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>right, if there is a mapping from every  label to an entry on <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/blob/master/experts/map.toml\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/blob/master/experts/map.toml\">the experts map</a> then my idea would be implementable</p>",
        "id": 169712669,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1562336765
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Looking at <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/blob/master/experts/map.toml\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/blob/master/experts/map.toml\">https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/blob/master/experts/map.toml</a> it feels pretty sparse on many items</p>",
        "id": 169712708,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562336802
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>e.g. there's just <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"123856\">@Vadim Petrochenkov</span> on many things</p>",
        "id": 169712711,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562336812
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>where are all the compiler team contributors on this list? (the new sub-team)</p>",
        "id": 169712734,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562336833
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I was going to say, I think they are missing :)</p>",
        "id": 169712744,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562336843
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>also, no one knows anything about Libs.</p>",
        "id": 169712813,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1562336891
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the bus factor on libs is probably higher</p>",
        "id": 169712831,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562336919
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>except for some specific places</p>",
        "id": 169712838,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562336924
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(but its a work-in-progress, so hey)</p>",
        "id": 169712839,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1562336924
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I feel like we've reached a kind of \"stasis\" on this topic of reviewing. I was wondering if we should shift to talk about the idea of a \"triage WG\".  This basically stems from the observation that, right now, triage is mostly done by <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span> alone, in the \"pre meeting\" -- this causes problems when (e.g.) pnkfelix cannot be there for some reason. We were discussing the idea of trying to get some kind of larger group started.</p>",
        "id": 169712886,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562336992
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>There was also the idea of ICE-breakers</p>",
        "id": 169712950,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562337012
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>t-release's triage-wg had their first meeting yesterday iirc</p>",
        "id": 169712963,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1562337029
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(o/)</p>",
        "id": 169712967,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1562337033
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I tend to do pre-triage before I drive the meeting as well.</p>",
        "id": 169712978,
        "sender_full_name": "nagisa",
        "timestamp": 1562337048
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yes. There is one other related thing, around the meta WG. I've been thinking for a bit that perhaps the role of that group -- which was initially to try and design wg setup etc -- has come to a bit of a standstill, and perhaps it makes sense to try and \"repurpose\" to people who are trying to ensure that \"the wheels keep turning\".</p>",
        "id": 169713006,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562337075
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(not that I drive often)</p>",
        "id": 169713009,
        "sender_full_name": "nagisa",
        "timestamp": 1562337078
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I was thinking of things like posting meeting summaries, but I think triage kind of fits into that bucket.)</p>",
        "id": 169713039,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562337115
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span>  that is some of this work should be moved to T-release/WG-triage ?</p>",
        "id": 169713090,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562337126
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Maybe, I'm not really sure what the relationship ought to be.</p>",
        "id": 169713122,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562337161
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess it woudl be helpful to try and be more specific about what work we are talking about</p>",
        "id": 169713129,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562337170
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Previously I think the focus of our triage has been:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Ensuring that P-high things (regressions, most notably) are making progress</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 169713164,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562337203
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i.e., somebody is assigned, they are not blocked, etc</p>",
        "id": 169713177,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562337213
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think this has been more difficult lately</p>",
        "id": 169713245,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562337247
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah see <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/dvgegmdgQVSMbC4rcjG6EA?view#Keeping-up-with-P-high\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://hackmd.io/dvgegmdgQVSMbC4rcjG6EA?view#Keeping-up-with-P-high\">hackmd doc section</a></p>",
        "id": 169713261,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1562337275
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>though we did at least get a lot of them assigned recently</p>",
        "id": 169713289,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1562337303
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The people like <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"211727\">@Jonas Schievink</span> who put labels on fresh issues are doing great job (with an eye on long term maintenance).<br>\nOtherwise, I don't think I personally benefited from any other forms of triage.<br>\nI triage nightly/beta regressions related to resolve and other parts of the compiler related to me myself.</p>",
        "id": 169713297,
        "sender_full_name": "Vadim Petrochenkov",
        "timestamp": 1562337309
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So there seems to be a few tasks, including:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Labeling issues re. teams, semantic area, etc. (T-release)</li>\n<li>Bisecting (??)</li>\n<li>Minimizing reproducers (Joint T-release  + T-compiler)</li>\n<li>Assigning priority on issues to fix (Felix)</li>\n<li>Assigning someone to fix an issue (Felix)</li>\n<li>Fixing the issues (writing PR)</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 169713350,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562337351
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>One of the thoughts I've had is that there are often a lot of steps that can be done <em>before</em> the actual fix occurs. Most notably, bisecting, narrowing down the test case.</p>",
        "id": 169713351,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562337352
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>A lot of time this gets done before hand, but not always.</p>",
        "id": 169713359,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562337362
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, what <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"126931\">@centril</span> said. =)</p>",
        "id": 169713404,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562337369
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think this could <em>plausibly</em> be some of the work that a compiler \"triage team\" does -- or maybe the ICE-breaker team.</p>",
        "id": 169713415,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562337389
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Bisecting + Minimizing repros is probably something release-WG-triage / T-release can do</p>",
        "id": 169713446,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562337430
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>another task that we don't always do, but probably should, is archiving the original <del>bug</del> test case when it wasn't provided as an inline piece of code</p>",
        "id": 169713458,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1562337446
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm not sure what the difference is there, I'm sort of sensing a few areas of possible focus:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>assigning priority and making sure somebody is assigned</li>\n</ul>\n<p>vs</p>\n<ul>\n<li>identify and narrowing down the problem</li>\n</ul>\n<p>vs</p>\n<ul>\n<li>actually fixing bugs</li>\n</ul>\n<p>i.e., there's a spectrum, and I suspect that an ICE-breaker group could indeed do a bit of all 3, depending on how involved the problem is.</p>",
        "id": 169713470,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562337471
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>another task that we don't always do, but probably should, is archiving the original bug when it wasn't provided as an inline piece of code</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>e.g. we've had occasions where someone links to an external git repo or branch thereof, and then the bug gets \"reduced,\" but when its time to double-check that the original bug is fixed, the original way to reproduce it is gone.</p>",
        "id": 169713532,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1562337496
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>Bisecting + Minimizing repros is probably something release-WG-triage / T-release can do</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Yeah, so maybe this doesn't belong in the compiler team at all. that's plausible. Something feels a bit funny to me about it though.</p>",
        "id": 169713554,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562337525
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Regardless of \"where\" the work formally falls, it'd be nice if we could make it easy to search for bugs that need those things.</p>",
        "id": 169713568,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562337545
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> \"identify and narrow\" seems like 1) minimizing, 2) bisecting, 3) finding the problem in the code</p>",
        "id": 169713571,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562337548
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>3) is probably for ICE-breakers</p>",
        "id": 169713582,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562337558
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and writing the PR</p>",
        "id": 169713590,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562337564
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>a reason <del>bisecting</del> <del>reduction</del> minimization could be T-compiler is if it is something we do via automation</p>",
        "id": 169713592,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1562337567
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>because that is the kind of thing that often requires compiler tech to do well...</p>",
        "id": 169713603,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1562337577
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(Separately I think we should do work to improve cargo-bisect-rustc.)</p>",
        "id": 169713610,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562337581
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>a reason bisecting could be T-compiler is if it is something we do via automation</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I think we had the idea of having some way to mark a reproducer that a bot goes and tests (and adds E-needstest) and bisects it otherwise</p>",
        "id": 169713680,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562337615
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Minimization feels harder; you need some sort of shrinking via proptesting?</p>",
        "id": 169713697,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562337641
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think we should separate a bit the automation factor</p>",
        "id": 169713720,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562337666
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>Minimization feels harder; you need some sort of shrinking via proptesting?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>yeah it would probably only be applicable to things like ICEs (that don't require knowledge of the intent of original code)</p>",
        "id": 169713722,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1562337671
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>I think we should separate a bit the automation factor</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I agree with this, sorry for distraction</p>",
        "id": 169713730,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1562337684
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So it seems like the steps for a regression are:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>[ ] Bisect to nightly or (ideally) PR</li>\n<li>[ ] Minimizing test case </li>\n</ul>\n<p>We could be having some regular task to look at all  (say) regressions that do not have a bisection or a test case and try to assign those out for those purposes.</p>",
        "id": 169713735,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562337694
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> typically when I label issues as part of T-release work I also do minimization</p>",
        "id": 169713812,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562337737
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(but not bisecting)</p>",
        "id": 169713815,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562337741
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(Minimization is also often a good way to aid with bisection)</p>",
        "id": 169713838,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562337759
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Both are pretty useful</p>",
        "id": 169713843,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562337762
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yep; and independently doable <span aria-label=\"tada\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f389\" role=\"img\" title=\"tada\">:tada:</span></p>",
        "id": 169713847,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562337771
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So the question is: would this group be better off as part of t-release, or t-compiler?</p>",
        "id": 169713861,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562337790
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't have a strong opinion about it</p>",
        "id": 169713864,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562337795
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> We can have a joint WG?</p>",
        "id": 169713884,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562337808
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yes, sure.</p>",
        "id": 169713891,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562337816
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I still like the name ICE-breakers :)</p>",
        "id": 169713896,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562337822
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>as an aside ;)</p>",
        "id": 169713901,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562337826
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so some of the things discussed sound like how we are going to deal with new incoming bugs.  And I guess that is what triage means at a hospital (I think)</p>",
        "id": 169713979,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1562337874
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but another issue is that we have a big backlog of issues</p>",
        "id": 169713987,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1562337884
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess the other question is whether it makes sense to have a <em>distinct</em> set of people that are \"ICE-breaking\". I a imagining something like this. There coudl be a triage group that basically tries to narrow things down as much as they can and maybe even fix the problem, but at some point can bail out and ask for somebody else to tpick it up.</p>",
        "id": 169713993,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562337890
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>And that later point is when \"t-compiler proper\" gets involved.</p>",
        "id": 169713998,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562337898
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>but another issue is that we have a big backlog of issues</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Yes.</p>",
        "id": 169714016,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562337912
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span>   Right; I was thinking ICE-breakers (+ you get a t-shirt with a <span aria-label=\"pick\" class=\"emoji emoji-26cf\" role=\"img\" title=\"pick\">:pick:</span>?) are the folks who write the PRs to fix the ICEs.</p>",
        "id": 169714025,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562337935
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and they can help with minimization and such if they want as well</p>",
        "id": 169714049,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562337961
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>what, the triagers are the ICE-melters then?</p>",
        "id": 169714096,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1562337973
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So maybe there is a T-compiler \"ICE-breakers\" group and there is wg-triage, and they are distinct things with high overlap.</p>",
        "id": 169714119,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562338000
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think it's mostly about increasing capacity overall here. (We don't need to draw so fine lines about who gets to do what.)</p>",
        "id": 169714147,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562338015
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't know that it's worth thinking about it that way. =)</p>",
        "id": 169714149,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562338019
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Exactly</p>",
        "id": 169714155,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562338024
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess I think this is the same group</p>",
        "id": 169714172,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562338041
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>some people within prefer to do bisection etc, some might prefer to write PRs, some do both, but it feels like a common activity -- and a good fit for people looking to get into the compiler, or who just want to put in a few hours here and there to help out</p>",
        "id": 169714207,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562338070
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It feels a bit different in terms of skill-sets.<br>\nMinimizing and bisecting is easier than writing PRs, I think</p>",
        "id": 169714265,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562338087
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>you don't need to understand the codebase to minimize</p>",
        "id": 169714279,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562338101
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or build the compiler locally</p>",
        "id": 169714287,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1562338114
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(well, it helps if you understand lowering and MIR building, but it is by no means a must-have)</p>",
        "id": 169714298,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562338120
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>One other observation: <em>probably</em> a lot of these concerns apply to libs</p>",
        "id": 169714341,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562338144
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Somewhat related: one task that I think might help see bugs get fixed quicker is if during triage, someone worked out what the expected behavior of some code is. I don't know if it is just me who looks at issues and isn't really sure if they're actually supposed to be compiling successfully, or causing an error, etc.</p>",
        "id": 169714346,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1562338148
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Just comes up less often I imagine</p>",
        "id": 169714348,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562338149
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Anyway it comes down to this: I want to try and advertise this effort and I'm trying to figure out how to describe it :)</p>",
        "id": 169714374,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562338183
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116107\">@davidtwco</span> hmm. Would a categorization like we used in WG-NLL help here?</p>",
        "id": 169714382,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1562338186
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(Also we need to talk about who's going to <em>organize</em> it)</p>",
        "id": 169714397,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562338200
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116107\">davidtwco</span> hmm. Would a categorization like we used in WG-NLL help here?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Yeah, I think something like that would help.</p>",
        "id": 169714436,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1562338203
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116107\">@davidtwco</span>  good point; T-release triage could be clearer wrt. this... might need more labels</p>",
        "id": 169714442,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562338209
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(Tho if it is <code>A-diagnostics</code> it means it should be an error.)</p>",
        "id": 169714464,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562338231
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>right but sometimes that means it <em>is</em> an error, but the error needs improvement</p>",
        "id": 169714476,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1562338247
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yep; C-enhancement A-diagnostics?</p>",
        "id": 169714489,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562338263
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>also A-suggestion-diagnostics</p>",
        "id": 169714496,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562338271
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Who is organizing the T-release wg-triage again?</p>",
        "id": 169714504,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562338274
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> @dpc is</p>",
        "id": 169714517,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562338292
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(Also, I think this is a good example of something that doesn't fit the \"defined scope\" t-compiler working groups -- it's more of an \"ongoing effort\")</p>",
        "id": 169714529,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562338303
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(Not sure if that matters.)</p>",
        "id": 169714533,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562338308
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(Just an opportunity to find a nice new term, wg is kind of overloaded)</p>",
        "id": 169714552,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562338320
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it's very fresh; they just had their first meeting on Discord and have only talked about PR triage (S-waiting-on) and how to ping y'all.</p>",
        "id": 169714621,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562338349
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I have a question -- we have traditionally had T-compiler doing some amount of deciding what is p-high and not. But I think that is something that we could plausibly move to release</p>",
        "id": 169714655,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562338383
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Basically: help us figure out what to fix, based on impact etc. Of course, part of the \"Fix\" might be saying \"This is expected\"</p>",
        "id": 169714676,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562338404
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think that's reasonable; we can do that and then the compiler team can override if necessary</p>",
        "id": 169714748,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562338448
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116122\">@simulacrum</span>  <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"121055\">@Pietro Albini</span>  ^---</p>",
        "id": 169714759,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562338469
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe we need to write-up some notes, try to make a proposal, and try to have a \"release team / compiler\" joint chat to discuss?</p>",
        "id": 169714772,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562338494
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(as a next step)</p>",
        "id": 169714783,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562338504
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I've been hesitant historically to do so. Most people triaging don't have as much experience. But that does sound intriguing.</p>",
        "id": 169714793,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1562338510
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Probably wg-triage / compiler, perhaps, though</p>",
        "id": 169714910,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1562338577
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Importance of an issue and priority of its fix indeed look like more a release team territory.</p>",
        "id": 169714915,
        "sender_full_name": "Vadim Petrochenkov",
        "timestamp": 1562338579
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>Of course, part of the \"Fix\" might be saying \"This is expected\"</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Sometimes this also requires a language team member to review an issue ;)</p>",
        "id": 169714919,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562338583
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116122\">@simulacrum</span> you mean hesitant to assign P-labels?</p>",
        "id": 169714920,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1562338584
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I feel like this si s a pretty important job. I want to give this group some...authority.</p>",
        "id": 169714928,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562338589
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>P-labels less so -- but things like \"this is expected\" even for me often feel like maybe even a lang team call</p>",
        "id": 169714948,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1562338617
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(That's for P-high issues, for P-medium and P-low I still don't see why those labels are useful.)</p>",
        "id": 169714950,
        "sender_full_name": "Vadim Petrochenkov",
        "timestamp": 1562338619
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>P-labels less so -- but things like \"this is expected\" even for me often feel like maybe even a lang team call</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>yeah that's sort of out of scope I think</p>",
        "id": 169714965,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562338628
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Also t-lib's call</p>",
        "id": 169714971,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562338637
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I think basically saying \"This is worth you spending time on\" is good</p>",
        "id": 169714975,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562338642
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Sure, yeah, that makes sense</p>",
        "id": 169714984,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1562338651
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I definitely think we could use a I-nominated-but-like-not-urgent</p>",
        "id": 169714990,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1562338661
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Do we need to ensure that wee have T-compiler members to have some voice during these decisions (about e.g. P-labels), in order to try to push back against having too many things on our plate?</p>",
        "id": 169715001,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1562338673
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(maybe that's P-med)</p>",
        "id": 169715003,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1562338675
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>... an if release team has questions, then I-nominated is the way to reroute the issue to the compiler team.</p>",
        "id": 169715011,
        "sender_full_name": "Vadim Petrochenkov",
        "timestamp": 1562338680
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>Do we need to ensure that wee have T-compiler members to have some voice during these decisions (about e.g. P-labels), in order to try to push back against having too many things on our plate?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I think we should, this is probably the \"compiler team ice-breaker\" role</p>",
        "id": 169715061,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562338695
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or part of it</p>",
        "id": 169715063,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562338696
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or should the problem of \"too many things on plate\" be handled in some other manner, after the fact?</p>",
        "id": 169715064,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1562338697
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(do we want <code>I-nominated-compiler</code>?)</p>",
        "id": 169715066,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562338701
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>I think we should, this is probably the \"compiler team ice-breaker\" role</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>by this I just meant: compiler team should have some folks who are part of wg-triage :)</p>",
        "id": 169715098,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562338737
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm not sure -- haven't read scrollback -- but maybe what we want is to for now just do I-nominated-compiler?</p>",
        "id": 169715099,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1562338738
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think at this point we need at least I-nominated-compiler and I-nominated-lang</p>",
        "id": 169715100,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1562338738
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah, we definitely need more nominated labels :)</p>",
        "id": 169715121,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562338757
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or maybe I-attention + T-{foo}?</p>",
        "id": 169715127,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1562338762
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>no, that's too ambiguous</p>",
        "id": 169715135,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562338768
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>seems like just renaming I-nominated :P</p>",
        "id": 169715147,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562338777
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>with nominated meaning \"urgent\" and attention \"good to look at\"</p>",
        "id": 169715153,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1562338781
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>()if we always only labelled issues with just one team, then this wouldn't be an issue)</p>",
        "id": 169715159,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1562338788
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(( but we obviously cannot do that ))</p>",
        "id": 169715167,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1562338795
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>perhaps <code>N-foo</code> (\"nominated for reason foo\")</p>",
        "id": 169715219,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562338807
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>My concern historically has been that nominated issues feel like \"please resolve this ASAP\"</p>",
        "id": 169715222,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1562338808
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116122\">@simulacrum</span> Consider <code>T-lang + T-compiler + P-high + I-nominated</code></p>",
        "id": 169715229,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562338814
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>this seems like a good thing to toss onto that triage hackmd</p>",
        "id": 169715241,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562338825
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>sure, okay, I can go for T-nominated-{team}</p>",
        "id": 169715242,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1562338827
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we're at 11am, I think we made some progress here but I\"d like to figure out what it comes down to</p>",
        "id": 169715245,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562338834
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(not sure if we should discuss now)</p>",
        "id": 169715247,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1562338836
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> what are the set of <code>foo</code>s in <code>N-foo</code>?</p>",
        "id": 169715265,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562338859
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"126931\">@centril</span> JIT-created</p>",
        "id": 169715291,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1562338869
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I would go and look, but there are often a number of reasons we nominate things</p>",
        "id": 169715294,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562338874
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>e.g., \"prioritize\", \"decide what semantics are\", \"impl complexity concern\"</p>",
        "id": 169715328,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562338902
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>just grouping by team is prob a good start</p>",
        "id": 169715335,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562338909
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span>  does that have a tracing GC? ;)</p>",
        "id": 169715337,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562338911
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think there's a couple main buckets: \"please make a decision\" (though we also have I-needs-decision, fwiw); \"please find a mentor\"; \"semantics decision\"; \"can we close?\"</p>",
        "id": 169715393,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1562338936
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>decision sort of falls into the others but is a bit more broad I guess</p>",
        "id": 169715410,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1562338955
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(don't we have E-needs-mentor?)</p>",
        "id": 169715450,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562338994
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we had at least a few things brought up:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>refining the nomination system to be per-team (easy)</li>\n<li>some joint effort (wg-triage?) to prioritize bugs and do minimizations<br>\n    - also, an ICE-breaker group on rustc side who want to do smaller, isolated fixes<br>\n    - not clear just what these divisions are to me yet :)</li>\n<li>expand and review expert map</li>\n<li>review existing PRs to try to find a plan for reviews over next N weeks</li>\n</ul>\n<p>some things we should toss for further discussion:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>how to stay on top of reviewing queue?</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 169715475,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562339027
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So - yes - but my impression is teams don't look at that</p>",
        "id": 169715483,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1562339034
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if someone says \"I want to do this, but need help\" I want some way to surface that beyond \"let's just ping compiler team and hope for the best\"</p>",
        "id": 169715556,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1562339070
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I added E-needs-mentor because, during impl period, I was spending some time just writing mmentoring instructions to help get people involved.</p>",
        "id": 169715571,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562339098
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>And I hoped to make that a more regular activity :)</p>",
        "id": 169715587,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562339109
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't thikn it's seen a ton of use</p>",
        "id": 169715590,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562339113
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>how to stay on top of reviewing queue?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p><a href=\"https://github.com/pulls/assigned\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/pulls/assigned\">https://github.com/pulls/assigned</a> +  <code>S-waiting-on</code> labels?<br>\n(That's all I use basically.)</p>",
        "id": 169715600,
        "sender_full_name": "Vadim Petrochenkov",
        "timestamp": 1562339127
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Or do you mean, as a team?</p>",
        "id": 169715627,
        "sender_full_name": "Vadim Petrochenkov",
        "timestamp": 1562339161
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p><a href=\"https://github.com/pulls/assigned\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/pulls/assigned\">https://github.com/pulls/assigned</a> + S-waiting-on labels?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>o.O; useful, thanks!</p>",
        "id": 169715676,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562339176
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>Or do you mean, as a team?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I think this was intent. after all, it was a concern you yourself rose, right?</p>",
        "id": 169715686,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1562339193
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I have to go and time's up but the main thing I want to know is:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Is somebody keen to try and organize and refine this joint triage effort?</li>\n</ul>\n<p>(I think figuring out how to find good mentors / assignees is definitely part of that)</p>",
        "id": 169715692,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562339200
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Would it make sense to do triage on PRs for review difficulty?</p>",
        "id": 169715712,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1562339224
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think talking to dpc is probably a good first step here, I don't want to step on toes</p>",
        "id": 169715737,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1562339250
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think I don't have bandwidth for organizational work on this scale personally :)</p>",
        "id": 169715747,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1562339266
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Definitely, I imagined the next step would <em>mostly</em> be sending an e-mail with a summary of the thoughts and cc'ing dpc and a few others</p>",
        "id": 169715749,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562339269
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(and trying to arrange a place to chat and refine)</p>",
        "id": 169715814,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562339296
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I can plausibly do this =) but I was curious if somebody else had interest.</p>",
        "id": 169715830,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562339318
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It seems like something I should be involved in <span aria-label=\"slight smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f642\" role=\"img\" title=\"slight smile\">:slight_smile:</span></p>",
        "id": 169715840,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562339326
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(did we really address  questions of how things will be handled with niko and myself absent? I guess we sort of thrashed about talking about reviews....)</p>",
        "id": 169715901,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1562339387
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>Would it make sense to do triage on PRs for review difficulty?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>e.g. I'd be happy to review simpler PRs in areas that I'm familiar with, but I'm very cautious of not being assigned things that I'm not qualified to review and making mistakes by approving code I shouldn't be. If that took some load off of team members then would that be good.</p>",
        "id": 169715908,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1562339392
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>(did we really address  questions of how things will be handled with niko and myself absent? I guess we sort of thrashed about talking about reviews....)</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>from a release team perspective it'd be good to know \"who to ping\" basically</p>",
        "id": 169715984,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1562339428
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(Zulip have a bot assign <code>size-XL</code>, <code>size-L</code> labels on incoming PRs)</p>",
        "id": 169715991,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1562339435
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i.e. point person</p>",
        "id": 169715992,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1562339437
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116122\">@simulacrum</span> there's the experts map, but it's sparse</p>",
        "id": 169716024,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562339463
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"126931\">@centril</span> more so like \"we need this PR approved tonight\"</p>",
        "id": 169716047,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1562339478
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(for backports, etc.)</p>",
        "id": 169716054,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1562339484
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh</p>",
        "id": 169716060,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562339489
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116107\">@davidtwco</span> I've found that a lot of the time I can leave a comment essentially saying r=me if you feel that's reasonable, and the author has a better sense of whether you're qualified enough to review their patch :)</p>",
        "id": 169716130,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1562339529
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> can we have <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"123586\">@nagisa</span> be point person for such matters in our absence? I don't know if they signed on for that load.</p>",
        "id": 169716140,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1562339541
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>fwiw I don't think it's a big load, but it is the sort of load that is always unexpected</p>",
        "id": 169716159,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1562339564
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I will run meetings on whatever few weeks both of you are absent.</p>",
        "id": 169716287,
        "sender_full_name": "nagisa",
        "timestamp": 1562339707
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>unless a train falls onto me or something; at which point I’ll do my best to let it know that meeting(s) are cancelled or redelegate driving to somebody else ;)</p>",
        "id": 169716386,
        "sender_full_name": "nagisa",
        "timestamp": 1562339776
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116107\">@davidtwco</span> </p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I'd be happy to review simpler PRs in areas that I'm familiar with</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I think I'll have exactly what you want this weekend - a huge PR refactoring resolve with simple individual commits.<br>\nNow I know who I can assign it to!</p>",
        "id": 169716461,
        "sender_full_name": "Vadim Petrochenkov",
        "timestamp": 1562339857
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116107\">@davidtwco</span>  have fun with that =)</p>",
        "id": 169716571,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562339921
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span aria-label=\"nervous\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f62c\" role=\"img\" title=\"nervous\">:nervous:</span> <span aria-label=\"laughing\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f606\" role=\"img\" title=\"laughing\">:laughing:</span></p>",
        "id": 169716599,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1562339952
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116107\">@davidtwco</span> I have plans for huge PRs to refactor <code>parser.rs</code> into smaller files. =)</p>",
        "id": 169716619,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562339971
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm also happy to take some of those PRs on</p>",
        "id": 169716650,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1562339998
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm also happy to review stuff that I'm familiar with</p>",
        "id": 169716705,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1562340016
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>which is not a lot probably but still if I can help I'd be happy to do so :)</p>",
        "id": 169716717,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1562340034
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We need an \"not-quite-experts-yet\" map.</p>",
        "id": 169716721,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1562340044
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116107\">@davidtwco</span>  yes I thought the experts map was a bit too selective</p>",
        "id": 169716749,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562340078
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Can we have expertise-levels in that map maybe?</p>",
        "id": 169716759,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562340095
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>1-5... or something like that</p>",
        "id": 169716774,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562340106
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Would it make sense to do triage on PRs for review difficulty?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>e.g. I'd be happy to review simpler PRs in areas that I'm familiar with, but I'm very cautious of not being assigned things that I'm not qualified to review and making mistakes by approving code I shouldn't be. If that took some load off of team members then would that be good.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I'd worry about the same thing, don't want to approve stuff that I'm not very strong about</p>",
        "id": 169716838,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1562340140
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'd be more comfortable putting my name onto the expert map if it wasn't a binary expert-or-not.</p>",
        "id": 169716856,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1562340179
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think levels are a great idea</p>",
        "id": 169716868,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1562340193
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>E.g. I feel comfortable reviewing most code in <code>parser.rs</code> that <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"119031\">@Esteban Küber</span>  might throw at me but not comfortable with reviewing some of the macros stuff or weird Span infrastructure</p>",
        "id": 169716869,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562340194
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>One thing I will note is that a lot of the time if you don't think you know enough to review something or are struggling to understand that might be a good opportunity for comments/docs (perhaps in rustc-guide)</p>",
        "id": 169716976,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1562340262
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(so tell people!)</p>",
        "id": 169717029,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1562340314
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Or in the code; sometimes when I ask for comments it is because of that</p>",
        "id": 169717038,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562340324
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116107\">davidtwco</span>  yes I thought the experts map was a bit too selective</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I wanted to rename from experts to something else in part for this reason</p>",
        "id": 169717122,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562340402
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Also, yes, I highly recommend the \"Review by interrogation\" strategy -- ask the questions and then try to get somebody to answer (either PR author or somebody else)</p>",
        "id": 169717145,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562340436
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(knowledge map?)</p>",
        "id": 169717147,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562340441
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We have a compiler team member vs contributor grades now, the expert map can use it too.</p>",
        "id": 169717155,
        "sender_full_name": "Vadim Petrochenkov",
        "timestamp": 1562340461
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So an action item is to add levels / grades to the experts map starting with the existing people?</p>",
        "id": 169717252,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562340535
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(a numbered system seems good, cause e.g. I'm not on the \"compiler team contributors\" but I think it's my duty as a language team member to learn how the compiler works)</p>",
        "id": 169717285,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1562340588
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I created minutes from this meeting:</p>\n<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/pull/114\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/pull/114\">https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/pull/114</a></p>\n<p>I also noted down the following action items:</p>\n<p>Emerging from this meeting:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Extend expert map with member/contributor levels</li>\n<li>Create a compiler-team PTO calendar where people can note their upcoming absences</li>\n<li>Join discussion with #wg-triage</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 169907287,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1562622095
    }
]