[
    {
        "content": "<p>Hey <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"897\">@T-compiler/meeting</span> -- I just posted a <a href=\"https://internals.rust-lang.org/t/compiler-steering-meeting/8588/43?u=nikomatsakis\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://internals.rust-lang.org/t/compiler-steering-meeting/8588/43?u=nikomatsakis\">comment to internals</a> requested feedback on agenda items for tomorrow's steering meeting. Sorry for leaving this a bit late. I'd love your feedback!</p>\n<p>Here's the comment inline:</p>\n<p>We have a steering meeting tomorrow. Here are is an array of possible topics that have come up lately:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>How to integrate \"future compatibility warnings\" into triage to ensure they \"move along\" at a more regular pace</li>\n<li>The roles and expectations of \"journeypeople\" and \"full members\"<br>\n    - We tried to explore this topic in the <a href=\"#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E02.2E28/near/159641541\" title=\"#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E02.2E28/near/159641541\">last Meta WG meeting</a><br>\n    - @spastorino is preparing a kind of summary of the questions we raised</li>\n</ul>\n<p>There are also a few things that came up that might fit better as \"announcements\", although maybe there is enough to discuss:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Projects looking for support, are people available?<br>\n    - Continuing the theme that <a href=\"#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/.2354818.20weekly.20meeting.202019-02-28/near/159626390\" title=\"#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/.2354818.20weekly.20meeting.202019-02-28/near/159626390\">came up in today's triage</a>, around who might be available to help the RLS 2.0 effort get underway.</li>\n<li>We're trying to build an \"expert map\" showing the various parts of the compiler and who knows about each one in the Meta WG, and would like people to take a look (no link yet, will be coming soon)</li>\n</ul>\n<p>Other suggestions, announcements, etc?</p>\n<p>I mentioned \"how to maintain the agenda\" :)</p>",
        "id": 159650062,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551386396
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Probably best to leave comments on internals tho</p>",
        "id": 159650118,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551386413
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I feel like I had more thoughts but those are all that came to mind right now, anyway</p>",
        "id": 159650137,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551386437
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://internals.rust-lang.org/t/compiler-steering-meeting/8588/45\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://internals.rust-lang.org/t/compiler-steering-meeting/8588/45\">https://internals.rust-lang.org/t/compiler-steering-meeting/8588/45</a></p>",
        "id": 159697266,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1551435534
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>That was discussed briefly at the <a class=\"stream\" data-stream-id=\"185694\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta\">#t-compiler/wg-meta</a> meeting this week. I'll be submitting a WIP PR to the compiler-team repo shortly writing up some of the ideas and thoughts from when this was discussed at the All Hands. I expect I'll need to make some changes based on feedback from the compiler team.</p>",
        "id": 159697588,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1551435730
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/pull/19\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/pull/19\">draft policy</a></p>",
        "id": 159698290,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1551436271
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>thanks, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116107\">@davidtwco</span>! I added some comments to the PR.</p>",
        "id": 159703603,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1551440186
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I created a hackmd to collect <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/wsHwsi9zR3iq0ZF2SgEq9Q\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://hackmd.io/wsHwsi9zR3iq0ZF2SgEq9Q\">Steering Meeting Agenda Ideas</a></p>",
        "id": 159715972,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551449135
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"124287\">@mw</span> is your sense that said policies would be a good topic for this meeting?</p>",
        "id": 159720103,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551452074
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm trying to firm up what to propose :)</p>",
        "id": 159720109,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551452081
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hello <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"897\">@T-compiler/meeting</span>! Steering meeting in 5 minutes.</p>",
        "id": 159720186,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551452161
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> we could discuss it, yes</p>",
        "id": 159720263,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1551452200
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>although I don't know if this would a be a topic that would need some preparation</p>",
        "id": 159720331,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1551452248
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>e.g. people trying to go through the process and taking note of the questions that arise</p>",
        "id": 159720351,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1551452269
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that is partly what I was wondering</p>",
        "id": 159720429,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551452307
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"1123\">@WG-self-profile</span> will probably run into this soon</p>",
        "id": 159720488,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1551452384
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>OK, let's quickly discuss the agenda</p>",
        "id": 159720625,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551452475
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Here is a list of my thoughts:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>RLS 2.0 \"call for involvement\" (<span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"133169\">@matklad</span>, you here?), expert map -- 5 minutes</li>\n<li>Draft policy around out-of-tree crates and dependencies -- building on the discussion from the all hands, <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/pull/19\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/pull/19\">summarized here</a>. -- 35 minutes</li>\n<li>Possible triage-like activities that we aren't doing (e.g., ways to address P-medium, ICEs, etc)</li>\n<li>Future-compat warning policy</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 159720645,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551452498
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> just started this <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/Izvor8KZRiqUgcUyd2CYTw\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://hackmd.io/Izvor8KZRiqUgcUyd2CYTw\">https://hackmd.io/Izvor8KZRiqUgcUyd2CYTw#</a> as a place holder</p>",
        "id": 159720646,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1551452499
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ah, nice</p>",
        "id": 159720656,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551452511
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>couldn't add that to your agenda</p>",
        "id": 159720658,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1551452514
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I have some things written down, will fill when I can. Just wanted you to put a link in the agenda :)</p>",
        "id": 159720716,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1551452538
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>/me is here, but will run away in 20 minutes</p>",
        "id": 159720753,
        "sender_full_name": "matklad",
        "timestamp": 1551452556
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"124287\">@mw</span> is right that it'd be good to go over the out-of-tree crate policy a bit. We probably <em>could</em> use some prep, but I think we probably wouldn't get much of that anywaY :P</p>",
        "id": 159720759,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551452558
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>And in prtaicular there exist a fair number of crates that either exist today or will exist</p>",
        "id": 159720767,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551452574
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So maybe it's good to review the proposed thoughts and add comments etc</p>",
        "id": 159720784,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551452588
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>given that matklad will have to go soon</p>",
        "id": 159720799,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1551452601
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>should we consider waiting until after they leave to add/discuss add'l agenda items?</p>",
        "id": 159720824,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1551452622
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>If we have time, I have some other thoughts (what I wrote as \"triage-like\")</p>",
        "id": 159720828,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551452629
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I mean this in the sense of \"lets maximize the amount of time matklad can spend on the RLS 2.0 item)</p>",
        "id": 159720888,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1551452653
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, so, unless anyone objects, I propose we kick it off, and indeed we can start out with a brief discussion of RLS 2.0 \"call for invovement\"</p>",
        "id": 159720894,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551452663
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The summary being that at the end of the triage meeting yesterday, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"133169\">@matklad</span> expressed a desire to grow the set of mentors etc. I definitely think that \"RLS 2.0\" will be more successful the more people get involved.</p>",
        "id": 159720956,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551452731
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(<strong>Actually one interjection:</strong> I just thought I'd mention that the t-compiler/meeting alias is open to anyone who wants to get pings for these sorts of things, and said folks should just requested to be added)</p>",
        "id": 159721064,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551452804
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, and there's the idea that sharing expertise between \"RLS 2.0\" and rustc would be very helpful to make the experiment more valuable.</p>",
        "id": 159721096,
        "sender_full_name": "matklad",
        "timestamp": 1551452834
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm not really sure what else to say about this though, not sure <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"133169\">@matklad</span> if you had other things you wanted to say?</p>",
        "id": 159721098,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551452835
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(cc <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"153740\">@Igor Matuszewski</span>, btw)</p>",
        "id": 159721109,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551452841
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess one thing we should mention is that we've been doing some video sessions</p>",
        "id": 159721123,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551452856
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>recording walkthroughs of what rust-analyzer has today</p>",
        "id": 159721131,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551452864
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We are planning a discussion  next week about the type checker</p>",
        "id": 159721144,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551452879
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>There is a <a href=\"https://youtu.be/DGAuLWdCCAI\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://youtu.be/DGAuLWdCCAI\">video up now</a> of the syntax tree stuff that <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"133169\">@matklad</span> has done (which is quite cool)</p>",
        "id": 159721199,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551452892
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I promise it will make you drool just a bit when compaerd with what it's like to manipulate HIR ;)</p>",
        "id": 159721220,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551452919
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Question: do we believe that the T-compiler members interested in helping with RLS 2.0 have already identified themselves and have been added to the WG-rls2.0 ?</p>",
        "id": 159721236,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1551452928
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So, basically, there's <code>rust-analyzer</code> repo, it has documentation (guides and a couple of videos), a set of issues with E-mentor, etc etc. If you feel like digging into requirenments of IDEs, it's a good chance, while the code base is small and fits one's head :)</p>",
        "id": 159721244,
        "sender_full_name": "matklad",
        "timestamp": 1551452935
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I believe the E-mentor and these posted resources are key element moving forward if we want to expand the set of people involved/being able to mentor others</p>",
        "id": 159721313,
        "sender_full_name": "Igor Matuszewski",
        "timestamp": 1551452995
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(Which is basically <span aria-label=\"+1\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44d\" role=\"img\" title=\"+1\">:+1:</span> from me to what we're doing now)</p>",
        "id": 159721382,
        "sender_full_name": "Igor Matuszewski",
        "timestamp": 1551453008
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I've mentioned interest before, but I'll try to actually carve some time out tonight to jump in and start working on something.</p>",
        "id": 159721393,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1551453016
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or maybe let me put my Question another way: Are we seeking to increase involvement from people who are in this meeting now? Or are we seeking to increase involvement <em>beyond</em> that?</p>",
        "id": 159721431,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1551453037
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'll start digging into an issue <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"133169\">@matklad</span> kindly pointed to this weekend, so I'll dig in slowly as well</p>",
        "id": 159721449,
        "sender_full_name": "Igor Matuszewski",
        "timestamp": 1551453045
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I won't have time in the medium term unfortunately. Pity, it looks really interesting</p>",
        "id": 159721483,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1551453067
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>Are we seeking to increase involvement from people who are in this meeting now?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I think so, yes</p>",
        "id": 159721542,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551453101
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I carved out some time two/three weeks ago, and am hoping to devote more time to it in the near future</p>",
        "id": 159721553,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1551453115
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I was doing some spring cleaning in the RLS these last weeks and should be able to devote more time now</p>",
        "id": 159721634,
        "sender_full_name": "Igor Matuszewski",
        "timestamp": 1551453156
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(side note, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"133169\">@matklad</span>, we should link to the <a href=\"https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL85XCvVPmGQho7MZkdW-wtPtuJcFpzycE\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL85XCvVPmGQho7MZkdW-wtPtuJcFpzycE\">RLS 2.0 video playlist</a> from the <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/tree/master/working-groups/rls-2.0\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/tree/master/working-groups/rls-2.0\">RLS 2.0 readme</a>)</p>",
        "id": 159721677,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551453185
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>OK, well, shall we move to next topic? There was one more very brief announcement.</p>",
        "id": 159721695,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551453208
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span aria-label=\"+1\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44d\" role=\"img\" title=\"+1\">:+1:</span> , let's move</p>",
        "id": 159721711,
        "sender_full_name": "matklad",
        "timestamp": 1551453221
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> just started this <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/Izvor8KZRiqUgcUyd2CYTw\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://hackmd.io/Izvor8KZRiqUgcUyd2CYTw\">https://hackmd.io/Izvor8KZRiqUgcUyd2CYTw#</a> as a place holder</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116266\">@Santiago Pastorino</span> is creating an Expert Map -- this HackMd URL is the holding spot -- that aims to document the parts of the compiler and who is a good person to ask about them</p>",
        "id": 159721768,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551453245
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Please feel free to add things to it or add your name places</p>",
        "id": 159721782,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551453253
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It's pretty minimal right now :)</p>",
        "id": 159721803,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551453267
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The intention with this is to help people who are looking to ask questions</p>",
        "id": 159721838,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551453303
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>But also (I think) to help us get started on documenting the overall structure of the compiler and so forth, in its own way</p>",
        "id": 159721863,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551453324
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>At least that's something I'd like to see written down</p>",
        "id": 159721872,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551453334
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Anyway, if you have thoughts or suggestions, please feel free to give them -- we should create a <a href=\"#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/expert.20map\" title=\"#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/expert.20map\">topic in <a class=\"stream\" data-stream-id=\"185694\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta\">#t-compiler/wg-meta</a></a> I guess</p>",
        "id": 159721949,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551453367
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(Anything else to say on that?)</p>",
        "id": 159721961,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551453376
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>creating a separate topic for this is a good idea</p>",
        "id": 159721973,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1551453391
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/expert.20map\" title=\"#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/expert.20map\">Done</a></p>",
        "id": 159722118,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551453494
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>was going to do that :)</p>",
        "id": 159722141,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1551453512
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116266\">@Santiago Pastorino</span> you can add a link to the hackmd in there, at least :)</p>",
        "id": 159722149,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551453523
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>OK, so on to the main topic?</p>",
        "id": 159722154,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551453528
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116107\">@davidtwco</span> are you here?</p>",
        "id": 159722165,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551453536
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span aria-label=\"thumbs up\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44d\" role=\"img\" title=\"thumbs up\">:thumbs_up:</span></p>",
        "id": 159722211,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1551453585
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So, the proposed main topic here is to discuss a bit more our policy on out-of-tree crates, particularly those that we author. Existing examples would be things like polonius and chalk, future examples might be \"libnag\" (diagnostics), self-profiling, etc</p>",
        "id": 159722214,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551453589
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We discussed this at the Rust All Hands and <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116107\">@davidtwco</span> did the work yesterday of trying to codify that discussion</p>",
        "id": 159722281,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551453612
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>/me likes \"libnag\"</p>",
        "id": 159722292,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1551453619
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Credit goes to <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"124288\">@oli</span> =)</p>",
        "id": 159722300,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551453629
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We thought we might briefly take a look at that summary during this meeting and discuss it... probably it makes sense to summarize the high points here in thread? Should we all take 5 minutes to read it? :)</p>",
        "id": 159722356,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551453679
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Pull request link: <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/pull/19\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/pull/19\">https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/pull/19</a></p>",
        "id": 159722365,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551453694
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It's not very long. You can view in <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/blob/6d1a6a89761e1c042d0c97f3535328b82fd85c4a/procedures/crates.md\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/blob/6d1a6a89761e1c042d0c97f3535328b82fd85c4a/procedures/crates.md\">rendered form here</a></p>",
        "id": 159722424,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551453727
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>There's certainly some blank spots where things were mentioned in the meeting notes from the All Hands that I wasn't sure how to distil down into the document and <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"124287\">@mw</span> has raised some good questions on the PR. I'm happy to go away and find answers any questions we raise about what is included in the PR currently and make any additions we feel are warranted.</p>",
        "id": 159722515,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1551453805
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think one key point for me</p>",
        "id": 159722530,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551453823
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>is that we should try to make the experience \"uniform\" as much as we can</p>",
        "id": 159722536,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551453830
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I am primarily thinking of:</p>",
        "id": 159722541,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551453837
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>make sure that everybody can land PRs</li>\n<li>that hi5 is active</li>\n<li>that anybody can cargo publish</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 159722590,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551453850
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>these are concrete pain points we've hit in the past</p>",
        "id": 159722593,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551453855
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>There were points in the All Hands meeting about what we could do from a tooling perspective to make out-of-tree crates as easy to work with but that didn't seem like it made sense to add that to the policy - since what we'd want out of tooling isn't part of the policy.</p>",
        "id": 159722621,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1551453895
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>/me likes \"libnag\"</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>ps, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span> and I both actually had the same concern about this name -- that (in English, to my ears at least) it carries a subtle gender connotation that is actually not great. This brings up another point: how do we pick the names?</p>",
        "id": 159722641,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551453908
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'd like a step-by-step guide that I can follow when creating a new crate</p>",
        "id": 159722645,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1551453910
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I don't care to debate the name of that particular crate at this meeting)</p>",
        "id": 159722654,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551453920
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116107\">@davidtwco</span> I think \"nice tooling\" is jumping the gun</p>",
        "id": 159722674,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551453934
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>First step is to write down the steps to follow</p>",
        "id": 159722679,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551453939
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(We can talk to <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"121055\">@Pietro Albini</span> perhaps as well)</p>",
        "id": 159722694,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551453952
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the guide for setting up a working group, for example, is very helpful</p>",
        "id": 159722704,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1551453961
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Once we know what the steps are -- and we've tried them out a bit to gain experience -- we can try to make a tool for it</p>",
        "id": 159722744,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551453964
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Also, I think those steps should (where possible) include links to examples and things to copy-n-paste</p>",
        "id": 159722758,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551453981
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Regarding naming, I really do think we should have some \"process\" -- it does't have to be heavy weight -- but the names of things in rust-lang are kind of part of our \"public facing appearance\"</p>",
        "id": 159722783,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551454011
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>And sometimes there are subtle issues</p>",
        "id": 159722791,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551454017
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>there's a statement in <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/blob/6d1a6a89761e1c042d0c97f3535328b82fd85c4a/procedures/crates.md#what-should-these-crates-be-named\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/blob/6d1a6a89761e1c042d0c97f3535328b82fd85c4a/procedures/crates.md#what-should-these-crates-be-named\">What should these crates be named</a> that I want to also bring up</p>",
        "id": 159722805,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1551454023
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>\"this isn't appropriate as the crate was actually intended to be general-purpose.\"</p>",
        "id": 159722828,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1551454031
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>This is implying that if the code being factored out <em>isn't</em> very general purpose, then it <em>shouldn't</em> be factored out in the first place, right?</p>",
        "id": 159722873,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1551454072
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess I'm wondering what the minimum bar for expected re-use is</p>",
        "id": 159722919,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1551454084
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, I don't really believe that</p>",
        "id": 159722929,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551454089
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>to justify making the step</p>",
        "id": 159722934,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1551454093
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>In fact, I'm a bit wary of trying to make the libraries <em>too</em> general purpose</p>",
        "id": 159722965,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551454101
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>because that carries a higher maintenance / breaking-change burden :)</p>",
        "id": 159722980,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551454109
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and also potential for second-system effect, too</p>",
        "id": 159722995,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1551454118
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess this has to be decided on a case-by-case basis</p>",
        "id": 159723067,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1551454165
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>for small crates that provide a re-usable datastructure I wouldn't call it <code>rustc_xxx</code></p>",
        "id": 159723094,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1551454193
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>a name like this almost precludes that the crate will be used outside of rustc</p>",
        "id": 159723184,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1551454222
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>at least I wouldn't be confident in using such a crate for fear of breakage and changing interfaces</p>",
        "id": 159723226,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1551454254
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>As an aside, I think we should absolutely follow semver to the best of our ability</p>",
        "id": 159723269,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551454285
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>In case that was in doubt ;)</p>",
        "id": 159723278,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551454289
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(But I have no problem with issues tons of major versions)</p>",
        "id": 159723298,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551454299
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Do we want to have a review policy similar to rustc?</p>",
        "id": 159723367,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551454329
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think we .. probably do?</p>",
        "id": 159723372,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551454334
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Another question is, can those crates have reviewers who are not reviewers of rustc? Seems like...yes?</p>",
        "id": 159723397,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551454347
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>I think we .. probably do?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>by this I mean: we probably want to require reviews for major PRs</p>",
        "id": 159723412,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551454361
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>huh, that's really tricky</p>",
        "id": 159723418,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1551454368
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>You see why I'm asking :)</p>",
        "id": 159723423,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551454376
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I do :)</p>",
        "id": 159723440,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1551454391
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess I  like the idea of crates having their own communities</p>",
        "id": 159723450,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551454398
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>OTOH maybe we should just say that if you're involved enough in some crate to review for it</p>",
        "id": 159723463,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551454410
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we can give you r+ to rustc</p>",
        "id": 159723466,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551454417
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I would do the same for people who've made major contributions in one area</p>",
        "id": 159723476,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551454422
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(under the expectation that they will use it responsibly)</p>",
        "id": 159723484,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551454434
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(though in the long run, having more libraries might offer us a way to have a more fine-grained notion of r+ that is appealing)</p>",
        "id": 159723576,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551454485
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess I think we should not stress about this too hard but it's more a question to think about :)</p>",
        "id": 159723584,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551454495
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Should we try to walk through an example?</p>",
        "id": 159723713,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1551454586
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>long term we may want separate tests within rustc repo of its \"third party\" crate</p>",
        "id": 159723720,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1551454591
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>rather than trusting the third parties to remain compatible</p>",
        "id": 159723728,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1551454603
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok, so <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"1123\">@WG-self-profile</span> will probably create a crate for a mildly sophisticated on-disk string table</p>",
        "id": 159723762,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1551454648
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that crate will be used by the compiler and an external tool doing some processing on data</p>",
        "id": 159723771,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1551454669
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so it's a good candidate to split out</p>",
        "id": 159723774,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1551454677
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>how would we go about this?</p>",
        "id": 159723819,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1551454690
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It does seem like a great candidate</p>",
        "id": 159723886,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551454776
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>do t-compiler members already have the GH rights to create the project?</p>",
        "id": 159723888,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1551454780
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't know, I can check</p>",
        "id": 159723895,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551454791
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We immediately hit the issue of picking a name :)</p>",
        "id": 159723955,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551454820
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>is it best to jump to a rust-lang repo, or start in a prototype hosted in user repo?</p>",
        "id": 159723998,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1551454868
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I say go to the rust-lang repo</p>",
        "id": 159724003,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551454879
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We can always \"archive\" it or whatever</p>",
        "id": 159724012,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551454901
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>There are things that would need added (licenses, CoC, etc.), things that would need set up (bors, highfive, etc.) and then how it is added as a dependency to rustc. So the process we flesh out should include a list of all those things.</p>",
        "id": 159724023,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1551454910
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yep, so presuming we settle on a name and add to the list, we create the repo and follow the steps to set it up</p>",
        "id": 159724068,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551454932
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>also, do we have a guide on how to best add <a href=\"http://crates.io\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"http://crates.io\">crates.io</a> deps to rustc?</p>",
        "id": 159724076,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1551454946
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't think there's any discussion of that</p>",
        "id": 159724085,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551454960
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I assume we'd probably want anybody on the compiler team to be able to <code>r+</code> stuff, but we'd probably only want \"active participants\" to be on the highfive rotation?</p>",
        "id": 159724088,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1551454971
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I <em>do</em> think that -- for a crate like this</p>",
        "id": 159724101,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551454987
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it's a great chance to have active WG members get r+</p>",
        "id": 159724106,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551454993
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i.e., for more collaboration</p>",
        "id": 159724116,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551455006
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>just coming back to that earlier question :)</p>",
        "id": 159724141,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551455033
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>do we plan to automatically set up community infrastructure such as Zulip streams? (I'd say no)</p>",
        "id": 159724193,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1551455051
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think that should be tied to the WG</p>",
        "id": 159724212,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551455064
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span aria-label=\"+1\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44d\" role=\"img\" title=\"+1\">:+1:</span></p>",
        "id": 159724216,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1551455071
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>I say go to the rust-lang repo</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>ps, do people disagree with this? :) (it's just my opinion, I'm open to other thoughts)</p>",
        "id": 159724224,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551455083
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I agree because it will make things like bors-ng and highfive integration easier</p>",
        "id": 159724251,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1551455112
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>right, also team permissions</p>",
        "id": 159724259,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551455118
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes</p>",
        "id": 159724265,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1551455124
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>basically at the point where it would be in the compiler</p>",
        "id": 159724270,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551455128
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it should be in rust-lang</p>",
        "id": 159724277,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551455132
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I would also say that I've <em>personally</em> found it more convenient</p>",
        "id": 159724284,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551455141
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>to start there</p>",
        "id": 159724286,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551455142
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>whereas if it's in my repo</p>",
        "id": 159724297,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551455155
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>presumably its not hard to migrate from a user-repo to the rust-lang one, if one does do initial private development there?</p>",
        "id": 159724301,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1551455161
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it's messier</p>",
        "id": 159724311,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551455162
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>presumably its not hard to migrate from a user-repo to the rust-lang one, if one does do initial private development there?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>it is easy to transfer</p>",
        "id": 159724348,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551455169
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes, so this is more like: there should be the option to start out immediately in rust-lang</p>",
        "id": 159724369,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1551455191
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>because it overwrites the redirect =)</p>",
        "id": 159724378,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551455197
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(you can email GH and they will fix it for you, i've done this e.g. for chalk, where I have a fork with a different name)</p>",
        "id": 159724398,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551455224
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We should make sure that the responsible working group and that it is a compiler team repo is mentioned somewhere. Most of the other concerns about setting things up will need some collaboration with the infra team.</p>",
        "id": 159724425,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1551455256
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>do we have an example workflow written up somewhere on how to handle changes in external crates?</p>",
        "id": 159724435,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1551455271
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(my Zulip desktop client started swallowing messages there, so apologies if that showed up for you half a dozen times)</p>",
        "id": 159724482,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1551455284
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>do we have an example workflow written up somewhere on how to handle changes in external crates?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>this goes with your earlier question -- seems clear we need a rustc-guide section on this</p>",
        "id": 159724521,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551455321
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I would also want to include (which we talked about earlier) guidance for how to make a local copy</p>",
        "id": 159724552,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551455348
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>for debugging</p>",
        "id": 159724553,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551455350
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>this goes with your earlier question -- seems clear we need a rustc-guide section on this</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Where do you think the line is for what is part of the policy document and what is part of the rustc guide?</p>",
        "id": 159724556,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1551455355
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It would be great if there was a standardized way of indicating what team(s) and/or WGs are responsible or a given repo. Some of the infrastructure setup like who is on highfive and has r+ could be automated at that point.</p>",
        "id": 159724571,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1551455380
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think the policy document should point to the rustc-guide for examples</p>",
        "id": 159724583,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1551455397
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>Where do you think the line is for what is part of the policy document and what is part of the rustc guide?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Heh, I was wondering about that. I mean .. maybe that stuff should just go in the rustc-guide, but otherwise I'd say \"things that affect the code go in rustc-guide\", things that are more \"meta\" are \"procedures\", and sometimes a procedure might reference the rustc-guide (e.g., \"see checklist in the rustc-guide\")</p>",
        "id": 159724633,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551455405
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Setting up a out of tree crate is in the policy document and working with one is in the guide?</p>",
        "id": 159724638,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1551455407
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<blockquote>\n<p>this goes with your earlier question -- seems clear we need a rustc-guide section on this</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Where do you think the line is for what is part of the policy document and what is part of the rustc guide?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>change to external crates is something that comes up naturally during development, and does not seem to require questions of policy, right?</p>",
        "id": 159724641,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1551455415
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>versus setting up <em>new</em> external crates is policy</p>",
        "id": 159724649,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1551455426
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>It would be great if there was a standardized way of indicating what team(s) and/or WGs are responsible or a given repo.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>To start I think we should have a template README that includes a link over to the working group etc</p>",
        "id": 159724653,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551455431
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>cc <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"121055\">@Pietro Albini</span> - there's probably a ton of interesting stuff for you in this thread.</p>",
        "id": 159724692,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1551455458
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>But <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"121055\">@Pietro Albini</span> may have thoughts on that specific matter</p>",
        "id": 159724695,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551455461
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>heh, <a href=\"https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jinx_(children%27s_game)\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jinx_(children%27s_game)\">jinx</a></p>",
        "id": 159724702,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551455464
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>a question we didn't answer yet: if someone wants to create a new crate, what do they do?</p>",
        "id": 159724747,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1551455519
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>where do they gather consent?</p>",
        "id": 159724798,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1551455533
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't think the answer is: just create the project without asking :)</p>",
        "id": 159724823,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1551455566
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Well</p>",
        "id": 159724854,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1551455592
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>OK, so, where are we at.</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Open a PR to the list of crates with name + proposal -- when does it get discussed?</li>\n<li>Follow the checklist we create which includes:<br>\n    - README, CoC, LICENSE, hi5 setup, bors-ng setup, document workflow</li>\n<li>You can give r+ to people from the WG as appropriate</li>\n<li>rustc-guide will document the steps to add to cargo.toml, have a local copy, etc</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 159724856,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551455594
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>would it suffice as a T-compiler weekly meeting agenda item?</p>",
        "id": 159724866,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1551455600
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>where do they gather consent?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>so I created this \"open a PR\" step</p>",
        "id": 159724870,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551455605
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(creating a new crate, that is)</p>",
        "id": 159724871,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1551455606
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but it doesn't answer the core question</p>",
        "id": 159724877,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551455611
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>would it suffice as a T-compiler weekly meeting agenda item?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I think so</p>",
        "id": 159724883,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551455617
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we <em>could</em> also use <code>@rfcbot fcp poll</code></p>",
        "id": 159724899,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551455633
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>would it suffice as a T-compiler weekly meeting agenda item?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I'd rather have something async here</p>",
        "id": 159724905,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1551455637
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I think maybe it's overkill</p>",
        "id": 159724906,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551455637
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe both</p>",
        "id": 159724970,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1551455658
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i.e. for people like me that cannot manage github notifications</p>",
        "id": 159724989,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1551455677
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'd prefer an announcement/inquiry the T-compiler setting</p>",
        "id": 159724994,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1551455682
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I think it makes sense to have async approval</p>",
        "id": 159725001,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1551455694
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>For me personally, a ping in Zulip also works ;)</p>",
        "id": 159725005,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551455697
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>But yes to all the above</p>",
        "id": 159725018,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551455707
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We should outline the goals of approval here:</p>",
        "id": 159725026,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551455713
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>\"helping to pick a name that is suitable\" came up</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 159725046,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551455726
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess just some kind of sense for whether this is a \"suitable\" choice?</p>",
        "id": 159725067,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551455754
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>like, is it sufficiently disentangled from the compiler</p>",
        "id": 159725112,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551455763
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I sort of feel like there's a general presumption that if somebody <em>wants</em> to, it's probably a good idea, and we're looking mostly for a few people to argee?</p>",
        "id": 159725132,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551455785
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, I'd assume people would get to an agreement within the resp. WG before</p>",
        "id": 159725169,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1551455828
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and the compiler meeting is also an option</p>",
        "id": 159725170,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551455829
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(to draw attention to it)</p>",
        "id": 159725191,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551455847
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>wow, this idea of walking through an example was pretty good <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"124287\">@mw</span> ;)</p>",
        "id": 159725258,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551455887
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>one thing about the compiler meeting: anything that is not a tagged GH issue is practically invisible</p>",
        "id": 159725259,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1551455889
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I was going to bring that up in a separate topic</p>",
        "id": 159725261,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551455896
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>But yeah</p>",
        "id": 159725263,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551455900
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So, this would be a GH PR</p>",
        "id": 159725265,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551455906
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but it'd be on the wrong repo</p>",
        "id": 159725267,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551455908
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>This is a general problem though</p>",
        "id": 159725275,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551455921
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>about that: do we have a list of crates somewhere?</p>",
        "id": 159725283,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1551455930
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>about that: do we have a list of crates somewhere?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>oh, I sort of implied that we would add it to the compiler-team repository</p>",
        "id": 159725289,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551455942
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(but maybe that's the wrong home)</p>",
        "id": 159725299,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551455945
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>i.e., we should be able to have P-high issues -- but on some <strong>library</strong></p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>this feels like something we won't fully solve today, but I guess it's a \"to do\" item -- adjust triage to allow us to track this sort of thing?</p>",
        "id": 159725316,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551455972
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Regarding list of crates, I do think we should have one. I am agnostic about where, but i'd prefer not the main repo, because I'd prefer to not have to go through bors.</p>",
        "id": 159725390,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551456015
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>huh, yeah, having multilpe GH projects makes searching for issues harder</p>",
        "id": 159725394,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1551456019
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>This is plausibly something we can also take to GH</p>",
        "id": 159725420,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551456036
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I wouldn't expect \"quick\" action</p>",
        "id": 159725424,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551456040
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but it feels like a legit use case</p>",
        "id": 159725426,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551456044
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It also further argues for using rust-lang</p>",
        "id": 159725454,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551456068
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm sure this could be automated with existing GH APIs though...</p>",
        "id": 159725456,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1551456070
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Right, I was just thinking that the usual fix here</p>",
        "id": 159725470,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551456084
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>is to create a \"dashboard\" that wraps GH</p>",
        "id": 159725473,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551456090
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that's the kind of engineering project I'm trying <em>not</em> to suggest</p>",
        "id": 159725480,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551456101
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Isn't that sort of what <a href=\"http://octobox.io\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"http://octobox.io\">octobox.io</a> is?</p>",
        "id": 159725481,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1551456101
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, can it do this?</p>",
        "id": 159725485,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551456114
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think the compiler-team repo might be a good place to have the list. because I don't want to have even more repos :)</p>",
        "id": 159725488,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1551456118
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I haven't used it)</p>",
        "id": 159725489,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1551456118
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I've never found that project very useful</p>",
        "id": 159725490,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551456120
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We shouldn't have a repo to contain the list of repos? <span aria-label=\"stuck out tongue\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f61d\" role=\"img\" title=\"stuck out tongue\">:stuck_out_tongue:</span></p>",
        "id": 159725547,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1551456144
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but dont' get me started about notifications. I have a lot of strong opinions :P</p>",
        "id": 159725548,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551456144
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>From the screenshot it appears to have cross-repo aggregation with labels</p>",
        "id": 159725566,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1551456158
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i.e., it is basically defining \"what is our jurisdiction\"</p>",
        "id": 159725583,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551456177
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Anyway, we're out of time for today, but it feels liike this was really helpful</p>",
        "id": 159725617,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551456238
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>I think compile-team should be it :) It's the root repo for \"where to find out what's going on with the compiler team\", seems like a plausible place for this.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>also I just realized <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116107\">@davidtwco</span> was joking :P</p>",
        "id": 159725661,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551456246
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ordinarily I write-up minutes from the meeting</p>",
        "id": 159725663,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551456258
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So, I have a question</p>",
        "id": 159725666,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551456260
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>But I'm wondering if somebody else wants to take that on?</p>",
        "id": 159725671,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551456266
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>Ordinarily I write-up minutes from the meeting</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>not really minutes, more of a \"collected summary\" (<a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/blob/master/minutes/steering-meeting/2019.01.17.md\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/blob/master/minutes/steering-meeting/2019.01.17.md\">example</a>)</p>",
        "id": 159725676,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551456280
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm also ok doing it here :) but it occured to me that this is the sort of job we <em>ought</em> to consider sharing :)</p>",
        "id": 159725690,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551456300
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I agree but don't want to do it :)</p>",
        "id": 159725728,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1551456335
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I mean this \"laughter tears\" emoji in both senses :P</p>",
        "id": 159725739,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551456354
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I can write it up since I'll be going over this meeting for the draft policy changes anyway.</p>",
        "id": 159725797,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1551456369
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><strong>On, one last parting thing:</strong></p>\n<p>I've created a <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/wsHwsi9zR3iq0ZF2SgEq9Q\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://hackmd.io/wsHwsi9zR3iq0ZF2SgEq9Q\">HackMd</a> to collect steering meeting agenda ideas. In the future, when something comes up, please add it to the list. I'll be taking a look at it from time to time and trying to collate / collect.</p>",
        "id": 159725870,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551456454
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm trying to get a bit more organized about this so that we can actually have a post with the agenda a few days before the meeting, instead of a few hours :P</p>",
        "id": 159725888,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551456480
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Can you maybe allocate a github issue and then link such things there?</p>",
        "id": 159725889,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1551456481
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>topic</p>",
        "id": 159725948,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1551456505
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>analogous to what we do for the triage meetings on Thursdays?</p>",
        "id": 159725958,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1551456511
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>But I guess it's fine either wa</p>",
        "id": 159725976,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551456534
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'll do the isssue to make the link easier :)</p>",
        "id": 159725982,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551456539
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and compiler-team repo can point at it</p>",
        "id": 159725987,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551456543
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i just like having links in topics</p>",
        "id": 159726026,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1551456568
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>since it is a piece of running context as the zulip-hosted dialogue moves along</p>",
        "id": 159726052,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1551456588
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay bye all gotta go!</p>",
        "id": 159726170,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1551456663
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Thanks to everyone who participated! These meetings never fail to lift my spirits. <span aria-label=\"heart\" class=\"emoji emoji-2764\" role=\"img\" title=\"heart\">:heart:</span></p>",
        "id": 159726209,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551456700
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>OK, I created <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/58850\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/58850\">#58850</a> and retconn'd it into the zulip topic ;)</p>",
        "id": 159727029,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551457434
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>thanks for the ping! I'll split out a few threads to reply to various things</p>",
        "id": 159733315,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1551463224
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(Right now it's not an active problem we have, right?)</p>",
        "id": 159733461,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551463338
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"124287\">@mw</span> concrete example are always good, did you have one in mind?</p>",
        "id": 159733477,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551463338
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>do we announce somewhere that we want to create this crate?</p>",
        "id": 159733486,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1551463339
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Probably we want a list -- maybe in the repository? -- of compiler crates?</p>",
        "id": 159733489,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551463339
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I meant the compile-team repository</p>",
        "id": 159733491,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551463339
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>nah</p>",
        "id": 159733500,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551463339
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it's just a bit annoying because then you still don't have your own fork, and it's hard to set one up</p>",
        "id": 159733504,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551463340
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Let's assume yes for now</p>",
        "id": 159733508,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551463340
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I was thinking that a first step might be to open a PR to add to that list :)</p>",
        "id": 159733512,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551463340
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i.e., how to build rustc with your own local changes applied</p>",
        "id": 159733520,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551463340
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>my personal branches are mixed with the \"real thing\"</p>",
        "id": 159733537,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551463340
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ah yes, that seems like a good place</p>",
        "id": 159733550,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1551463341
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>a poll seems fine</p>",
        "id": 159733581,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1551463342
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>namely so that we have a link in the title of the steering meeting</p>",
        "id": 159733585,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1551463342
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I also like gh issues as a poor man's wiki</p>",
        "id": 159733591,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551463342
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(or is the world deciding that this is an anti-pattern?)</p>",
        "id": 159733616,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1551463343
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>There should be some mention of which working group and team are responsible for the crate.</p>",
        "id": 159733659,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1551463344
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116107\">@davidtwco</span> thanks! I was just thinking that I'd probably wind up forwarding you the same list anyway</p>",
        "id": 159733760,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551463347
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I was debating about that. I can certainly do it, though I think a page in the compiler-team repo might make more sense</p>",
        "id": 159733770,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551463348
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>seems good</p>",
        "id": 159733940,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551463352
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>let's say we already have a non-controversial name for it</p>",
        "id": 159734161,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1551463384
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(Probably including a <code>cargo publish</code> to reserve the name?)</p>",
        "id": 159734162,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551463384
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i.e., we should be able to have P-high issues -- but on some <strong>library</strong></p>",
        "id": 159734170,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551463384
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we need to adjust our links</p>",
        "id": 159734219,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551463386
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think compile-team should be it :) It's the root repo for \"where to find out what's going on with the compiler team\", seems like a plausible place for this.</p>",
        "id": 159734221,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551463386
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>e.g. in order to avoid multiple versions</p>",
        "id": 159734223,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1551463386
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I would say: create a rfcbot fcp poll and, on Zulip, make a topic and ping some likely folks and try to get them to five feedback :)</p>",
        "id": 159734233,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551463387
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>you mentioned a PR to that list</p>",
        "id": 159734309,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1551463392
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i.e., have a issue just to serve as info about the meeting?</p>",
        "id": 159734311,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551463392
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>because it lets me have a personal \"fork\"</p>",
        "id": 159734339,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551463394
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>e.g. for performance testing</p>",
        "id": 159734340,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1551463394
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>Anyway, we're out of time for today, but it feels liike this was really helpful</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I've certainly got plenty of things I can update the draft policy with.</p>",
        "id": 159734492,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1551463438
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>do we require to have standalone tests?</p>",
        "id": 159734577,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1551463454
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>:D</p>",
        "id": 159734624,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1551463456
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We should make sure that the responsible working group and that it is a compiler team repo is mentioned somewhere. Most of the other concerns about setting things up will need some collaboration with the infra team.</p>",
        "id": 159734797,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1551463522
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>dad jokes are okay, as long as they not offensive</p>",
        "id": 159734812,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1551463523
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Something really strange is going on with this topic. The old topic name keeps appearing with a few messages in it and the timestamps are off.</p>",
        "id": 159734995,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1551463584
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Messages I sent hours ago are showing with timestamps for five minutes ago.</p>",
        "id": 159735101,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1551463663
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>right</p>",
        "id": 159735175,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551463690
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Is anyone else seeing this?</p>",
        "id": 159735329,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1551463754
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>And there's the other topic showing up again..</p>",
        "id": 159735338,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1551463760
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It looks like random messages have just been pulled out of the actual chat and had their timestamp updated to the last 20 minutes.</p>",
        "id": 159735861,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1551464114
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe editing the topic wasn't so wise ;)</p>",
        "id": 159739308,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551466722
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/pull/26\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/pull/26\">here's the PR with the minutes</a></p>",
        "id": 159796901,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1551533365
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Apparently summarizing isn't my strong suit.</p>",
        "id": 159797034,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1551533399
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We should make sure that the responsible working group and that it is a compiler team repo is mentioned somewhere. Most of the other concerns about setting things up will need some collaboration with the infra team.</p>",
        "id": 159814725,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1551560714
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>Anyway, we're out of time for today, but it feels liike this was really helpful</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I've certainly got plenty of things I can update the draft policy with.</p>",
        "id": 159814726,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1551560714
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>There should be some mention of which working group and team are responsible for the crate.</p>",
        "id": 159814727,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1551560714
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>namely so that we have a link in the title of the steering meeting</p>",
        "id": 159899803,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1551693559
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>dad jokes are okay, as long as they not offensive</p>",
        "id": 159899804,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1551693559
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(or is the world deciding that this is an anti-pattern?)</p>",
        "id": 159899805,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1551693559
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ugh the topics for this steering meeting are <em>so</em> confusing</p>",
        "id": 159899881,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1551693617
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>what the heck, did I accidentally cut-and-paste stuff?</p>",
        "id": 159903003,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1551696676
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh I see, something went wonky (as noted by <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116107\">@davidtwco</span> ), possibly due to the rename of the topic name</p>",
        "id": 159903091,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1551696746
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or maybe is just a simple zulip bug</p>",
        "id": 159903106,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1551696778
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(which is scary)</p>",
        "id": 159903110,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1551696783
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I suspected it was due to them doing a rolling upgrade of 2.0 but it looks to have happened again this morning.</p>",
        "id": 159904044,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1551697703
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/pull/26\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/pull/26\">here's the PR with the minutes</a></p>\n</blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116107\">@davidtwco</span> thanks! <span aria-label=\"heart\" class=\"emoji emoji-2764\" role=\"img\" title=\"heart\">:heart:</span> I'll take a look</p>",
        "id": 159950663,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551733560
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>hey <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116107\">@davidtwco</span> -- <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/pull/26/files\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/pull/26/files\">your summary looks good to me</a>, the only thing that I might say is that there might be value in trying to summarize it not so much as a \"conversation\" but rather as a kind of \"coherent proposal\"</p>",
        "id": 160045614,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551824053
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>OTOH, I'm happy to merge those notes, since I think we'd be creating something like that for WG-meta anyway</p>",
        "id": 160045630,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551824071
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'd lean towards merging as is, there's a coherent proposal for that discussion in the crates policy draft.</p>",
        "id": 160045801,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1551824207
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>In any future summaries, I'll try to aim for a more coherent proposal.</p>",
        "id": 160045858,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1551824252
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Sounds good to me!</p>",
        "id": 160046300,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551824536
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Also, thanks for doing that <span aria-label=\"heart\" class=\"emoji emoji-2764\" role=\"img\" title=\"heart\">:heart:</span></p>",
        "id": 160046311,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551824548
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116107\">@davidtwco</span> merged -- you want to post to the internals thread?</p>",
        "id": 160046352,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551824578
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>posted, thanks!</p>",
        "id": 160046715,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1551824821
    }
]