[
    {
        "content": "<p><strong>Reminder:</strong> Steering meeting is scheduled for tomorrow.</p>\n<p>I put a <a href=\"https://internals.rust-lang.org/t/compiler-steering-meeting/8588/35?u=nikomatsakis\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://internals.rust-lang.org/t/compiler-steering-meeting/8588/35?u=nikomatsakis\">post on internals</a> to discuss possible agenda items.</p>",
        "id": 155347849,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547741813
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>( cc <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"897\">@T-compiler/meeting</span> )</p>",
        "id": 155347870,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547741828
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(and IIUC the meeting will take place about 3 hours and 10 minutes from now)</p>",
        "id": 156364806,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1547815760
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I posted some further thoughts on the thread.</p>",
        "id": 156372139,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547822318
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>In particular, <a href=\"https://internals.rust-lang.org/t/compiler-steering-meeting/8588/37?u=nikomatsakis\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://internals.rust-lang.org/t/compiler-steering-meeting/8588/37?u=nikomatsakis\">this post</a> makes an effort to boil down all hands planning into something semi-manageable</p>",
        "id": 156372324,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547822449
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"897\">@T-compiler/meeting</span> -- steering meeting in ~15 minutes</p>",
        "id": 156372599,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547822674
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hello <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"897\">@T-compiler/meeting</span>, steering meeting <strong>now</strong>. <span class=\"emoji emoji-1f44b\" title=\"wave\">:wave:</span></p>",
        "id": 156373935,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547823698
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>First thing to figure out: our agenda. =) </p>\n<p>I propose that we talk about the <strong>upcoming Rust All Hands</strong>. What I would specifically like to get out of the meeting is a sense for <strong>\"which specific topics we think are most important to discuss at the all hands\"</strong>. I can take this it to the planning sessions, where we will kind of balance between the various teams and figure out how many meetings we can accommodate given the rooms available etc.  I've <a href=\"https://internals.rust-lang.org/t/compiler-steering-meeting/8588/37?u=nikomatsakis\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://internals.rust-lang.org/t/compiler-steering-meeting/8588/37?u=nikomatsakis\">posted a comment on internals</a> with some initial thoughts.</p>\n<p>I'm open to other things we might want to talk about, however, if people have suggestions. And/or, if my list above is perfect, we might have time for more things. =)</p>",
        "id": 156373953,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547823721
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>isn’t there a document with ideas for topics somewhere?</p>",
        "id": 156374070,
        "sender_full_name": "nagisa",
        "timestamp": 1547823824
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>do you mean the <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/Wbnday_dQxSy-iPWLm33Rg\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://hackmd.io/Wbnday_dQxSy-iPWLm33Rg\">hackmd.io</a> page?</p>",
        "id": 156374079,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1547823836
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah</p>",
        "id": 156374135,
        "sender_full_name": "nagisa",
        "timestamp": 1547823850
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yes, this was an attempt to distill that into something smaller</p>",
        "id": 156374150,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547823867
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but please do review the full list</p>",
        "id": 156374156,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547823871
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Also worth maybe just checking in on: I wrote this in my post:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>... Relate this design to the key problems we are trying to tackle ...</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>but it might be worth stating explicitly what we see as the P1 problems we want to tackle.</p>",
        "id": 156374223,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547823942
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't hear a lot of alternative proposals for agenda items, so maybe we talk about All Hands planning?</p>",
        "id": 156374289,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547823965
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"emoji emoji-1f44d\" title=\"+1\">:+1:</span></p>",
        "id": 156374327,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1547824009
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>/me had sort of figured that anything that was big enough to discuss in this meeting was big enough to be delayed to discussion at All Hands meeting</p>",
        "id": 156374331,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1547824014
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>OK, so, to start out, let me toss out a list of \"Priority 1\" problems that I see. I'm curious what other think.</p>\n<ul>\n<li>compilation time<ul>\n<li>better compilation time investigation tools/analysis</li>\n<li>this should work in cooperation with cargo, so we can see whole story</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>rls, completions</li>\n<li>“too hard to do anything” — technical debt</li>\n<li>“too hard to find people to do things” — organizational debt<ul>\n<li>hard to learn, monolithic architecture</li>\n<li>poorly documented</li>\n<li>long compilation times, memory requirements</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 156374353,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547824029
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(e.g. \"Are there any fires we need to put out?\" isn't really right for this meeting)</p>",
        "id": 156374368,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1547824041
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think that all things on <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> list are P1</p>",
        "id": 156374398,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1547824080
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't know if it is exhaustive :)</p>",
        "id": 156374455,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1547824092
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>( Meta-note: one of the things that I think we ought to discuss is what to do with this meeting in the long term. I've sort of imagined it as evolving into a periodic check-in on \"how are we doing with our plan? does plan need adjusting?\" but I guess we'll see )</p>",
        "id": 156374456,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547824092
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if we had to prioritize within that list, or throw things out ...</p>",
        "id": 156374473,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1547824107
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It's interesting to compare that list to some of the things I anticipate us doing next year</p>",
        "id": 156374483,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547824118
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess \"too hard to do anything\" would be the first thing I'd downgrade</p>",
        "id": 156374489,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1547824123
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if I had to</p>",
        "id": 156374491,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1547824125
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>even though I'm the first to agree that its too hard to do anything</p>",
        "id": 156374497,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1547824134
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>e.g., I think chalk is important, but it doesn't obviously tackle one of those problems, so that raises the question of why I think so. It's related to \"too hard to do things\", I guess -- basically, there are language features we need to lay the foundation to support</p>",
        "id": 156374518,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547824154
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>I guess \"too hard to do anything\" would be the first thing I'd downgrade</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>interesting, I don't feel that way. I feel like the technical debt is approaching unmanageable levels</p>",
        "id": 156374531,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547824172
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>e.g., the situation around type and region inference is really baroque right now, with a lot of systems layered on one another</p>",
        "id": 156374579,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547824202
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well, which one would you throw out if you <strong>had</strong> to throw out one?</p>",
        "id": 156374611,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1547824205
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>heh, hard question, I don't know</p>",
        "id": 156374638,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547824228
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(my second choice would be \"compilation time\" -- i.e., continue kicking that can down the road)</p>",
        "id": 156374642,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1547824233
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess i'm not sure how important it is to throw any out :)</p>",
        "id": 156374645,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547824233
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm just worried about having too broad a set of topics</p>",
        "id": 156374652,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1547824248
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well, I see these as 'things we aim to improve as part of the \"2021 goals\"'</p>",
        "id": 156374673,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547824268
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and/or lacking a good way to acquire laser focus to the <em>most</em> important things</p>",
        "id": 156374681,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1547824275
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but ok, it is a good question to have:</p>",
        "id": 156374689,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547824283
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>how much do we focus on e.g. improving RLS if it comes at cost of technical debt etc?</p>",
        "id": 156374698,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547824294
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I remember <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"124287\">@mw</span> saying, for example, they would like to write docs, but it always feels like lower priority</p>",
        "id": 156374713,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547824313
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it does, and that's not good</p>",
        "id": 156374768,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1547824331
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but some of that is just bad habits</p>",
        "id": 156374782,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1547824349
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm not sure if there's a great way to change it, but setting ourselves some explicit goals for documentation might be a start</p>",
        "id": 156374785,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547824352
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(something to ponder: I wonder if we should try to make specific goals of that kind, that we can check-in on? e.g., \"enable #[deny(missing_docs)] for rustc by summer\" or something)</p>",
        "id": 156374831,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547824400
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Is there a concept of \"doc coverage\" like test coverage but for docs?</p>",
        "id": 156374860,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1547824424
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>there's certainly a <em>concept</em> of it =)</p>",
        "id": 156374870,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547824435
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We could perhaps aim to hit x% of rustc covered and fail PRs that push that below the threshold or something</p>",
        "id": 156374923,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1547824459
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>can we come up with some kind of concrete incentive for writing docs?</p>",
        "id": 156374924,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1547824461
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think if I were going to measure I would say two things:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>deny(missing_docs) for API-style docs</li>\n<li>make a table-of-contents for rustc-guide collaboratively and then try to gauge completeness of it</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 156374930,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547824468
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>can we come up with some kind of concrete incentive for writing docs?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I will mail candy to every rustc-guide contributor</p>",
        "id": 156374944,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547824487
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>:)</p>",
        "id": 156374951,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1547824491
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm actually semi-serious :)</p>",
        "id": 156374962,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547824501
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but really: when I implement some optimization (or review one of <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116466\">@Zoxc</span>'s PRs) I see a lot of green on perf.rlo.</p>",
        "id": 156374984,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1547824524
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah</p>",
        "id": 156374997,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547824538
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well, this relates to <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"125250\">@Wesley Wiser</span>'s question, I guess</p>",
        "id": 156375006,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547824549
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>some way to see some progress when writing docs would maybe help</p>",
        "id": 156375009,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1547824550
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes, it does</p>",
        "id": 156375017,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1547824557
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i.e., if we could have some page charting the documentation \"metrics\"?</p>",
        "id": 156375018,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547824558
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>good question to think about</p>",
        "id": 156375063,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547824564
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Well, so, to bring this back to all hands:</p>",
        "id": 156375091,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547824597
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>is this the sort of thing we should be talking about?</p>",
        "id": 156375095,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547824603
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Would blocking PRs that regress % of compiler documented by some threshold be worthwhile or too much pain?</p>",
        "id": 156375096,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1547824603
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>is this the sort of thing we should be talking about?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>it would probably fall under the topic I listed as \"Compiler team governance and apprenticeship\"</p>",
        "id": 156375119,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547824624
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>IMO, We should either figure out the list of P1 things before the All-Hands, or make finalizing such a list an early part of the All-Hands</p>",
        "id": 156375133,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1547824636
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>Would blocking PRs that regress % of compiler documented by some threshold be worthwhile or too much pain?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I personally think it'd be fine, but we probably have to lay some grounwork first. I am serious about deny(missing_docs)</p>",
        "id": 156375139,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547824643
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>IMO, We should either figure out the list of P1 things before the All-Hands, or make finalizing such a list an early part of the All-Hands</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I was just going to circle back to that</p>",
        "id": 156375152,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547824657
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>/me begins pondering a new <code>doc-coverage</code> pass in rustdoc <span class=\"emoji emoji-1f914\" title=\"thinking\">:thinking:</span></p>",
        "id": 156375156,
        "sender_full_name": "QuietMisdreavus",
        "timestamp": 1547824665
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>like, do we agree on the list? what does it mean to \"finalize\" it?</p>",
        "id": 156375158,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547824666
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think we should try to figure out the list of P1 issues now</p>",
        "id": 156375167,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1547824672
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I agree, it's something that'd be great to have as \"groundwork\" going in</p>",
        "id": 156375227,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547824684
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think the current list will keep us busy enough</p>",
        "id": 156375256,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1547824706
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so if it's not missing anything critical, I think we can keep it</p>",
        "id": 156375270,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1547824721
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm going to paste my list into that hackmd document as a starting point; the only thing I think is semi-missing is maybe some language features, but maybe that's too specific</p>",
        "id": 156375271,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547824724
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm still a little worried that the current list is too broad, but I don't mind starting big and figuring out how to refine it later if need be.</p>",
        "id": 156375306,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1547824758
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>One thing that I would like to result out of All Hands is a slew of technical design RFCs. To give an example, either list has a MIR 2.0, but it is not at all clear what it ought to be at all. Sitting down on a round table, not necessarily with all of T-compiler present, and nailing down what would help to achieve the MIR 2.0 <em>goals</em> (goals should be figured out <em>before</em> the all hands) would be nice.</p>",
        "id": 156375318,
        "sender_full_name": "nagisa",
        "timestamp": 1547824771
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So this is an interesting question</p>",
        "id": 156375397,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547824813
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>fwiw I really love the idea of focusing on docs and <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116107\">@davidtwco</span>'s suggestion; I also think that big/important language features mostly fall out of foundational work like chalk, etc.</p>",
        "id": 156375402,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1547824816
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Do we expect to leave the All Hands with <strong>technical design documents</strong></p>",
        "id": 156375420,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547824834
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or with .. what exactly</p>",
        "id": 156375423,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547824840
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I feel like walking out with an <strong>outline</strong> is a good goal</p>",
        "id": 156375430,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547824857
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>at least for some topics</p>",
        "id": 156375442,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547824865
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we clearly won't write the full text :)</p>",
        "id": 156375454,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547824871
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>an outline and a plan who writes the full text ideally :)</p>",
        "id": 156375466,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1547824888
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes, this last part feels key to me: the plan. Specifically, by plan, I mean kind of \"a set of people\"</p>",
        "id": 156375486,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547824912
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and/or a structure to support them</p>",
        "id": 156375492,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547824918
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>some stakeholders for some topics won't be at the All-Hands, right?</p>",
        "id": 156375549,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1547824940
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(narrow topics, now, not the broad ones in our P1 list)</p>",
        "id": 156375567,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1547824958
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't know if that limits us</p>",
        "id": 156375576,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1547824967
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>its probably fine</p>",
        "id": 156375578,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1547824972
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, I don’t think I’ve seen e.g. <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"119009\">@eddyb</span> on a participant list.</p>",
        "id": 156375584,
        "sender_full_name": "nagisa",
        "timestamp": 1547824976
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Quoting <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"123586\">@nagisa</span>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Sitting down on a round table, <strong>not necessarily with all of T-compiler present</strong>, and nailing down what would help </p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>If one of the limitations is the amount of \"full team meetings\" we can do, maybe it's a good idea to identify \"breakout groups\" to sketch out a preliminary design, and we can use some of the full team meetings to dig with a wider setting?</p>",
        "id": 156375605,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547824990
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh dear, I was thinking of <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"123856\">@Vadim Petrochenkov</span> 's absence</p>",
        "id": 156375608,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1547824992
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>Yeah, I don’t think I’ve seen e.g. <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"119009\">@eddyb</span> on a participant list.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>they will be there</p>",
        "id": 156375612,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547824997
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"123856\">@Vadim Petrochenkov</span> and <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116466\">@Zoxc</span> (to name two) will not</p>",
        "id": 156375619,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547825005
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Yeah, I don’t think I’ve seen e.g. <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"119009\">@eddyb</span> on a participant list.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>they will be there</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>phew</p>",
        "id": 156375621,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1547825007
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we can try to find proxies for the people who won't be there</p>",
        "id": 156375728,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1547825092
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>maybe it's a good idea to identify \"breakout groups\" to sketch out a preliminary design, and we can use some of the full team meetings to dig with a wider setting?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>(to elaborate: maybe monday afternoon (say), is \"breakout time\",  where we sketch out a set of design points (e.g., MIR 2.0, etc) and people go off to cafes or something in smaller groups. Then Tuesdsay morning we discuss those things? I feel like there are discussions where I would like to review and understand what's being said, but I don't have to be part of the initial feedback.)</p>",
        "id": 156375752,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547825110
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>e.g. I can try and sync up with Zoxc, so I know their point of view</p>",
        "id": 156375758,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1547825114
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>actually, one could imagine even that we spend some time coming up with initial proposals, and then sort of present them with minimal questions, and then have more of the \"follow-up feedback\" take place during lunch or something, and then decide (on the fly?) which things to dig into in more detail later on.</p>",
        "id": 156375841,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547825172
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I still feel though that the question of RLS etc is really a central one</p>",
        "id": 156375873,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547825221
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that involves a lot of key stakeholders</p>",
        "id": 156375892,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547825227
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so you want to do the proposals before we have the presentations of \"here how this works\" (for RLS + rust-analyzer) ?</p>",
        "id": 156375898,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1547825232
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it's sort of \"what does the backbone of the compiler look like\"</p>",
        "id": 156375905,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547825240
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>basically I'm wondering if the RLS + rustc question is something in its own category :)</p>",
        "id": 156375928,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547825271
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or if it's \"just another technical topic to reach consensus on\"</p>",
        "id": 156375938,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547825279
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think that all of the P1 problems are closely related to the compiler's architecture going forward</p>",
        "id": 156376006,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1547825321
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> you've talked about <strong>review</strong> of RLS and rust-analyzer. Does it mean \"offline review (docs/screencast/presentation) <strong>before</strong>\" All Hands?</p>",
        "id": 156376045,
        "sender_full_name": "matklad",
        "timestamp": 1547825369
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I meant \"online\"</p>",
        "id": 156376048,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547825378
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but that's a good question</p>",
        "id": 156376049,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547825382
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>offline might be better</p>",
        "id": 156376052,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547825385
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if people actually watch :)</p>",
        "id": 156376055,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547825392
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if it can be created in time. (And yes, if people actually watch)</p>",
        "id": 156376070,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1547825402
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I was imagining for example that Monday afternoon we could have a 2hr slot where we review RLS / rust-analyzer</p>",
        "id": 156376123,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547825412
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(and maybe a bit more?)</p>",
        "id": 156376129,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547825419
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>discuss over dinner etc, and tuesday morning (say) try to further the conversation to some form of consensus</p>",
        "id": 156376146,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547825440
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'd be ok with either on-line or off-line review. I personally have time to prep offline thing before all-hands. Should I do it?</p>\n<p>Offline has a benefit: everyone can watch it</p>",
        "id": 156376208,
        "sender_full_name": "matklad",
        "timestamp": 1547825497
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'd definitely appreciate if there were some reading resources or things to watch before the All Hands that would provide some context for conversations that will be happening.</p>",
        "id": 156376209,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1547825497
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I say do it</p>",
        "id": 156376225,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547825518
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(as I don't want to end up asking too many questions and distract from whatever topic is being discussed)</p>",
        "id": 156376237,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1547825521
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Maybe we can drill a <em>bit</em> into the RLS questions for a second</p>",
        "id": 156376330,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547825570
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>in particular, i'm trying to wrap my head around \"what are the questions to answer exactly\"</p>",
        "id": 156376342,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547825583
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>\"how we make completion work\" is a good high-level one</p>",
        "id": 156376374,
        "sender_full_name": "matklad",
        "timestamp": 1547825616
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>like, rust-analyzer is basically proposing a second compiler focused on the IDE, that hopefully shares code and reaches convergence -- so I guess one question is about whether to adopt a strategy like that (is that what we really need to do), or whether it's better for us to try and work forward from what we have incrementally</p>",
        "id": 156376401,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547825630
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>\"how we make completion work\" is a good high-level one</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>right, and this is another angle: sort of starting from a technical review of what we want</p>",
        "id": 156376450,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547825643
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and then once we have a vague design, trying to decide how to get there most efficiently?</p>",
        "id": 156376465,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547825651
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>\"that hopefully shares code\"</p>",
        "id": 156376493,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1547825674
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yep: \"how to make completions\" is basically \"what is the end design\". How do we get there is a separate topic.</p>",
        "id": 156376502,
        "sender_full_name": "matklad",
        "timestamp": 1547825680
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so do we think it's better to start by spooling out the \"end design\" first?</p>",
        "id": 156376543,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547825708
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Surely the only way we would manage to share code between rust-analyzer and <code>rustc</code> would be to actively work towards that goal from <em>both</em> sides, no?</p>",
        "id": 156376545,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1547825709
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I can imagine that being more fruitful</p>",
        "id": 156376547,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547825710
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>Surely the only way we would manage to share code between rust-analyzer and <code>rustc</code> would be to actively work towards that goal from <em>both</em> sides, no?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>yes, I think so</p>",
        "id": 156376569,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547825722
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>btw, some code sharing already happens: we use <code>ena</code> for unification.</p>",
        "id": 156376586,
        "sender_full_name": "matklad",
        "timestamp": 1547825740
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I mean I can see a world where we just focus our resources on pushing RLS forward -- maybe rust-analyzer does some work to enable code sharing, but it's not a major priority for rust team per se)</p>",
        "id": 156376599,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547825755
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I personally like the idea of having shared libraries, though.</p>",
        "id": 156376663,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547825782
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>me too</p>",
        "id": 156376676,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1547825792
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>so do we think it's better to start by spooling out the \"end design\" first?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>but I do want to hear what people think about this. is this the right place to start?</p>",
        "id": 156376687,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547825802
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think it is</p>",
        "id": 156376700,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1547825819
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe then we can get some specific questions, like:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>how to represent source model</li>\n<li>how to do completions</li>\n<li>etc</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 156376702,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547825820
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think so. The goal of rust-analyzer currently is exactly to probe the \"end design\"</p>",
        "id": 156376724,
        "sender_full_name": "matklad",
        "timestamp": 1547825838
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe we can make a little meeting, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"133169\">@Aleksey Kladov</span>, to elaborate those? perhaps <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"153740\">@Igor Matuszewski</span> can join, and whomever else wants</p>",
        "id": 156376738,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547825856
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(after this meeting)</p>",
        "id": 156376741,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547825860
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>sure!</p>",
        "id": 156376748,
        "sender_full_name": "matklad",
        "timestamp": 1547825870
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok, I feel pretty good about this</p>",
        "id": 156376750,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547825870
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the more I think about it, though, the more I feel like maybe the IDE questions <em>are</em> \"just another technical topic\" in <em>some</em> sense</p>",
        "id": 156376825,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547825920
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>by this I mean:</p>",
        "id": 156376829,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547825924
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it makes sense to start with some amount of \"heads down\" to sketch out, and then come together to review?</p>",
        "id": 156376845,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547825936
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>however, I would for sure want e.g. <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"119009\">@eddyb</span> in that conversation, so it kind of overlaps with some of the other things we might design (e.g., MIR 2.0)</p>",
        "id": 156376886,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547825964
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>which merely suggests to me that we might have 2 rounds of \"breakout + review\" or something</p>",
        "id": 156376897,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547825972
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>basically I'm wondering if there are \"breakout topics\" where the key person would <strong>not</strong> want to be part of the IDE design discussion =)</p>",
        "id": 156376979,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547826010
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think we should have the meta goal to decouple compiler internals as much as possible from each other</p>",
        "id": 156377004,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1547826031
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>because that scales better with increased team size</p>",
        "id": 156377041,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1547826059
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>seems true</p>",
        "id": 156377181,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547826159
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well, ok, so we have some handle of how to approach RLS. I don't yet know if this breakout idea is good, but let's table it. After the RLS technical question, what do we think is \"next most useful thing to tear into\", maybe?</p>",
        "id": 156377224,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547826197
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'd pick organizational questions</p>",
        "id": 156377313,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1547826245
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>My thoughts are probably either:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>MIR 2.0 + MIR optimizations<br>\n    - why? lots of question marks, involves more people</li>\n<li>Compiler team governance and apprenticeship<br>\n    - why? lots of question marks</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 156377316,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547826251
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> having an IDE review meeting would be great, yes</p>",
        "id": 156377320,
        "sender_full_name": "Igor Matuszewski",
        "timestamp": 1547826259
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>I'd pick organizational questions</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>can we drill a bit into this maybe?</p>",
        "id": 156377336,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547826280
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Should I make an architecture overview for how RLS is currently set up?</p>",
        "id": 156377364,
        "sender_full_name": "Igor Matuszewski",
        "timestamp": 1547826304
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I feel like I now have a fairly concrete idea of what the \"agenda\" for an RLS-like meeting might be, and also a semi-plan to make it more specific, but maybe we can get a concrete idea for the \"agenda\" of an organizational meeting</p>",
        "id": 156377371,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547826313
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>Should I make an architecture overview for how RLS is currently set up?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>that would be great</p>",
        "id": 156377376,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547826317
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(although have in mind that ideally we'd like to move off the current architecture into on-demand one)</p>",
        "id": 156377389,
        "sender_full_name": "Igor Matuszewski",
        "timestamp": 1547826328
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yep, but I think it's very useful to have an overview of what happens now</p>",
        "id": 156377470,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547826374
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> : are you asking for Agenda items for an organizational meeting ?</p>",
        "id": 156377472,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1547826377
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>there may be problems that were encountered that are easily overlooked, etc</p>",
        "id": 156377479,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547826384
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> : are you asking for Agenda items for an organizational meeting ?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>sort of, yes.</p>",
        "id": 156377484,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547826390
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>e.g. How do envision an ideal team(s) structure when we get to 2021 ?</p>",
        "id": 156377507,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1547826412
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess I jsut want to discuss what kinds of questions we are trying to answer and/or problems we are trying to solve</p>",
        "id": 156377508,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547826415
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>right</p>",
        "id": 156377510,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547826418
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so, for example, I've been trying to talk up this idea of working groups that are operating semi-independently but checking in during this steering meeting</p>",
        "id": 156377528,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547826432
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it would again be good to have action items at the end</p>",
        "id": 156377529,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1547826432
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(and how tightly do we couple the team structure to the factoring of the compiler into separate libraries)</p>",
        "id": 156377556,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1547826450
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah, so, it seems like... depending on what we are trying to achieve, the agenda shifts a bit :)</p>",
        "id": 156377568,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547826467
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>That last one presupposes the goal</p>",
        "id": 156377630,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1547826489
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i.e., if we <em>know</em> that we want to break compiler into repositories, then there might be questions about how to organize it etc. If we want to go with mono-repo, perhaps questions are different.</p>",
        "id": 156377631,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547826489
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay. But team structuring seems to be a topic we'd like to tackle</p>",
        "id": 156377726,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1547826562
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it is actually kind of hard, I've started/stopped three messages  already :)</p>",
        "id": 156377746,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547826585
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>trying to decide what are the \"root goals\" etc</p>",
        "id": 156377750,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547826589
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think the compiler is already too big for any one person to have a complete grasp on. honoring this fact by adapting the architecture would also allow more focused teams.</p>",
        "id": 156377808,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1547826605
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess my <em>root goal</em> is to </p>\n<ul>\n<li>be intentional about what we are doing: make sure we are making progress on the problems we think are most important</li>\n<li>grow the team</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 156377810,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547826606
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well, raising efficiency is an obvious one.</p>",
        "id": 156377814,
        "sender_full_name": "nagisa",
        "timestamp": 1547826608
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>a lot of the things I want to do follow from \"grow the team\" though :)</p>",
        "id": 156377843,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547826639
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I should probably add</p>\n<ul>\n<li>maintain quality </li>\n</ul>\n<p>too =)</p>",
        "id": 156377886,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547826682
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok, so, we are running short on time</p>",
        "id": 156377902,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547826708
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maintain =&gt; increase ;)</p>",
        "id": 156377905,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1547826710
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Now now <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"126931\">@centril</span> , increasing quality is surely a P2 goal. <span class=\"emoji emoji-1f609\" title=\"wink\">:wink:</span></p>",
        "id": 156377973,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1547826734
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I feel like we made some good progress on the concept of how to approach IDE discusson.:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>We will start by elaborating technical design and let that guide us the rest of the way.</li>\n<li>We will have some review materials available before the all hands</li>\n<li>We will have a short meeting (like, nowish) to try and create agenda</li>\n</ul>\n<p>it seems like we consider <strong>organizational matters</strong> the next most important thing to discuss as a group. I feel a bit less clear on what the \"agenda\" will be, but maybe we'll feel our way, or else maybe we should have some more pre-discussion about it. I would at least be up for trying to prepare a kind of straw-person proposal.</p>",
        "id": 156378043,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547826794
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I wonder -- maybe I can make a little \"poll\" for other technical matters and people can vote? I'm still curious about whether some kind of \"breakout/review\" structure could be a good way to e.g. have some details about MIR 2.0 emerging and so on.</p>",
        "id": 156378083,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547826832
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>in other words, I still hope we can leave the all hands with a pretty good idea of what 2019 holds in store for the compiler team</p>",
        "id": 156378135,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547826848
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe we need to actually make that a separate goal list</p>",
        "id": 156378233,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1547826939
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>2021 goals vs 2019 goals</p>",
        "id": 156378235,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1547826943
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or something</p>",
        "id": 156378239,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1547826947
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes, they are distinct</p>",
        "id": 156378242,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547826949
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ideally one is sort of a subset of the other :)</p>",
        "id": 156378253,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547826960
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(or path towards)</p>",
        "id": 156378298,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1547826968
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>right</p>",
        "id": 156378304,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547826975
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe it's more realistic to emerge with a plan for how to formulate 2019 goals</p>",
        "id": 156378308,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547826978
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ah well, we'll see</p>",
        "id": 156378337,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547827014
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or we go in the opposite direction in 2019 and let the yoyo effect catapult us towards perfection</p>",
        "id": 156378357,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1547827025
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(that reminds me, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"124287\">@mw</span>, one topic I <em>do</em> think would be great  is sync'ing up with <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"138448\">@Josh Stone</span> about the rayon-rustc fork etc)</p>",
        "id": 156378390,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547827064
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>or we go in the opposite direction in 2019 and let the yoyo effect catapult us towards perfection</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>a gravity assist by orbiting around our current position, i like it <span class=\"emoji emoji-1f914\" title=\"thinking\">:thinking:</span></p>",
        "id": 156378452,
        "sender_full_name": "QuietMisdreavus",
        "timestamp": 1547827085
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"133692\">@QuietMisdreavus</span> gets it</p>",
        "id": 156378484,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1547827114
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>...and that's a wrap, I think! Thanks all! <span class=\"emoji emoji-2764\" title=\"heart\">:heart:</span></p>",
        "id": 156378761,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1547827322
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span>  I was just reading through this async, and I was thinking we should also focus on some sort of tracing library like dtrace. Debug-ability with minimum effort will lead to wide adoption of the language for large scale systems. I am not suggesting this be in rustc. It might be part of the toolchain rust ships with and compiler provides functionality if the tool needs it. Definitely not P1. Just a thought, I don't know what people think ?</p>",
        "id": 156555981,
        "sender_full_name": "blitzerr",
        "timestamp": 1548097963
    }
]