<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>meeting 2021 07 16 · t-release · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/index.html">t-release</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html">meeting 2021 07 16</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="246238131"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246238131" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246238131">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>meeting in ~3 minutes!</p>



<a name="246238459"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246238459" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246238459">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:29)</a>:</h4>
<ul>
<li>release blog post</li>
<li>charter discussion (per email last week)</li>
</ul>



<a name="246238686"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246238686" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246238686">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:31)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="2907">@T-release</span> meeting!</p>



<a name="246239207"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246239207" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246239207">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:35)</a>:</h4>
<p>alright</p>



<a name="246239242"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246239242" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246239242">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:35)</a>:</h4>
<p>first off, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="120823">@DPC</span> anything of note on triage?</p>



<a name="246239275"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246239275" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> DPC <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246239275">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:35)</a>:</h4>
<p>nothing much to report</p>



<a name="246239303"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246239303" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246239303">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:35)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok!</p>



<a name="246239414"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246239414" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246239414">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:36)</a>:</h4>
<p><a class="stream-topic" data-stream-id="241545" href="/#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/1.2E54.20blog.20post">#t-release &gt; 1.54 blog post</a> has the link and some initial discussion, but the first draft of the blog post is ready. definitely happy to see others edit and expand it!</p>



<a name="246239427"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246239427" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246239427">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>The release is in just under 2 weeks now</p>



<a name="246239587"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246239587" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246239587">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:37)</a>:</h4>
<p>any discussion right now?</p>



<a name="246239691"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246239691" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246239691">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:38)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="261224">@triagebot</span> end-topic</p>



<a name="246239692"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246239692" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> cuviper <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246239692">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:38)</a>:</h4>
<p>I haven't reviewed yet -- is there anything you wanted to call out?</p>



<a name="246239694"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246239694" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> triagebot <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246239694">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:38)</a>:</h4>
<p>Does anyone have something to add on the current topic?<br>
React with <span aria-label="working on it" class="emoji emoji-1f6e0" role="img" title="working on it">:working_on_it:</span> if you have something to say.<br>
React with <span aria-label="all good" class="emoji emoji-2705" role="img" title="all good">:all_good:</span> if not.</p>



<a name="246239708"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246239708" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246239708">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:38)</a>:</h4>
<p>not in particular I think</p>



<a name="246239734"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246239734" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246239734">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'll probably try to post it as a PR for actual review (rather than inline editing and such) early next week</p>



<a name="246239795"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246239795" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> cuviper <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246239795">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>sounds good</p>



<a name="246239886"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246239886" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> tmandry <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246239886">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:40)</a>:</h4>
<p>I left a comment with a wording nit on the standard intro paragraph we use :P</p>



<a name="246239944"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246239944" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> tmandry <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246239944">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:40)</a>:</h4>
<p>"that is empowering everyone" is bothering me now, it seems like it should be just "that empowers everyone"</p>



<a name="246240019"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246240019" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> tmandry <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246240019">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:41)</a>:</h4>
<p>but it's a very minor thing</p>



<a name="246240182"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246240182" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246240182">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:42)</a>:</h4>
<p>alright, moving along to the charter work -- <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/governance/blob/master/teams/release/charter.md">https://github.com/rust-lang/governance/blob/master/teams/release/charter.md</a> -- I think this is coming along, but we haven't spent too much time on it in meetings or otherwise. Do folks have any concerns? Have those in this meeting at least had a chance to read over it?</p>
<p>Let's do <span aria-label="open book" class="emoji emoji-1f4d6" role="img" title="open book">:open_book:</span> if you haven't read yet and <span aria-label="closed book" class="emoji emoji-1f4d5" role="img" title="closed book">:closed_book:</span> if you've gotten a chance to</p>



<a name="246240310"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246240310" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> cuviper <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246240310">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:43)</a>:</h4>
<p>I wonder about "Notably excluded: release cadence, delaying a stable release."</p>



<a name="246240345"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246240345" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> cuviper <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246240345">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:43)</a>:</h4>
<p>we've never delayed, but why wouldn't that be our decision?</p>



<a name="246240529"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246240529" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246240529">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:44)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yeah! So I think it's possible that this could be a t-release decision. but having not done so yet and it being pretty unclear to me when we <em>would</em> do so, my initial feeling is that we should not claim decision making power (and as such responsibility) for that.</p>



<a name="246240583"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246240583" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> cuviper <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246240583">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:45)</a>:</h4>
<p>does someone else claim that responsibility?</p>



<a name="246240649"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246240649" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jonas Schievink  [he/him] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246240649">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:45)</a>:</h4>
<p>This also ties in with the prioritization wg – t-compiler uses <code>P-critical</code> do denote "potential release blockers"</p>



<a name="246240661"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246240661" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246240661">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:45)</a>:</h4>
<p>not that I'm aware of. One of the goals with the chartering process is to identify things that are "no one's" and then work together with other teams to identify where they should go</p>



<a name="246240763"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246240763" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> cuviper <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246240763">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:46)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok - I do think this should be settled, but I suppose that can be a later "fix" to assign it</p>



<a name="246240803"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246240803" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> tmandry <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246240803">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:46)</a>:</h4>
<p>Should we flesh out "Take part in tasks the team is responsible for" at all?</p>



<a name="246240861"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246240861" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246240861">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:47)</a>:</h4>
<p>It doesn't quite feel like we are <em>currently</em> in a good position to take ownership on release delays, personally, so I listed it in the draft as "excluded". I think once there are more charters in existence and the map is clearer, it'll be worth discussing both of these further.</p>



<a name="246240900"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246240900" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246240900">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:47)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="116883">tmandry</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016/near/246240803">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>Should we flesh out "Take part in tasks the team is responsible for" at all?</p>
</blockquote>
<p>let's check before we move on to this -- do folks feel ok with leaving the release cadence and delaying stable releases out of scope for now?</p>



<a name="246240930"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246240930" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246240930">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:47)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="261224">@triagebot</span> end-topic on just those two</p>



<a name="246240931"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246240931" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> triagebot <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246240931">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:47)</a>:</h4>
<p>Does anyone have something to add on the current topic?<br>
React with <span aria-label="working on it" class="emoji emoji-1f6e0" role="img" title="working on it">:working_on_it:</span> if you have something to say.<br>
React with <span aria-label="all good" class="emoji emoji-2705" role="img" title="all good">:all_good:</span> if not.</p>



<a name="246241079"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246241079" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246241079">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:48)</a>:</h4>
<p>I mean I think we should be responsible for the cadence, since any change would be as a result of some event that were involved in and were responsible for, such as a bad quality release or some other doomsday scenario. It doesn’t make much sense for other members to be deciding our cadence of work.</p>



<a name="246241098"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246241098" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> cuviper <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246241098">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:48)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'd be more comfortable if the text didn't imply that we <strong>shouldn't</strong> own it, or that we don't want to</p>



<a name="246241139"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246241139" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> cuviper <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246241139">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:49)</a>:</h4>
<p>maybe saying that this is still an open question of who owns it</p>



<a name="246241143"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246241143" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246241143">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:49)</a>:</h4>
<p>if we don't want to put it as decision-making we should <em>at least</em> put it for consulted on</p>



<a name="246241232"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246241232" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246241232">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:50)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm happy to add it to consulted, I think that definitely makes sense</p>



<a name="246241264"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246241264" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246241264">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:50)</a>:</h4>
<p>but I'm having a bit of trouble seeing other teams being the decision-maker for that</p>



<a name="246241267"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246241267" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246241267">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:50)</a>:</h4>
<p>And I can add a note that says something like "and maybe decision makers, but want to discuss that more"</p>



<a name="246241282"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246241282" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246241282">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:50)</a>:</h4>
<p>maybe core, but IMO it should be release decision-making with core consulted (due to the project-wide impact)</p>



<a name="246241408"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246241408" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246241408">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:51)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think I'd lean towards flipping the two (core decision, release consulted), but I think it's murky ground, especially with two of us doing the release in practice on core :)</p>



<a name="246241505"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246241505" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246241505">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:52)</a>:</h4>
<p>Ok --  <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="138448">@cuviper</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="121055">@Pietro Albini</span>, does that sound good?</p>



<a name="246241514"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246241514" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246241514">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:52)</a>:</h4>
<p>yeah</p>



<a name="246241543"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246241543" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> cuviper <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246241543">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:52)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok</p>



<a name="246241612"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246241612" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246241612">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:53)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok, moving along to <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116883">@tmandry</span>'s note -- I think you're absolutely right that should be expanded</p>



<a name="246241631"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246241631" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246241631">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:53)</a>:</h4>
<blockquote>
<p>Should we flesh out "Take part in tasks the team is responsible for" at all?</p>
</blockquote>



<a name="246241696"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246241696" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> tmandry <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246241696">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:54)</a>:</h4>
<p>I don't think the charter should necessarily be the source of truth for current team responsibilities, but at least having some examples and / or pointing to the source of truth would make sense IMO</p>



<a name="246241754"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246241754" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246241754">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:54)</a>:</h4>
<p>aren't the tasks already in the charter tho?</p>



<a name="246241760"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246241760" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246241760">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:54)</a>:</h4>
<p>I want to be careful here about being both realistic and honest about what is actually necessary/feasible, but also making a clear assessment of the work</p>



<a name="246241811"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246241811" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> tmandry <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246241811">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:55)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="121055">Pietro Albini</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016/near/246241754">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>aren't the tasks already in the charter tho?</p>
</blockquote>
<p>Good point :)</p>



<a name="246241850"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246241850" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246241850">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:55)</a>:</h4>
<p>It's definitely my intent that the tasks are in the charter, or at least as categories -- I wouldn't get into the weeds (e.g., time keeping), but the charter is intended to be the source of truth. And, easily updatable, so that it can change if the tasks change.</p>



<a name="246241895"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246241895" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> tmandry <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246241895">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:55)</a>:</h4>
<p>My feeling is that it could be made more granular though, plus with realistic expectations set for individuals as <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116122">@simulacrum</span> was saying</p>



<a name="246241990"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246241990" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246241990">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:56)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think I'm not yet sure how to frame it such that we don't <em>all</em> have to do everything (even in rotation) since that seems unnecessary, while still making sure to encode some distribution of work</p>



<a name="246242056"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246242056" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246242056">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:57)</a>:</h4>
<p>It would be a good place to link to a list of issues we currently want help with, since likely anyone going to the charter would be interested in seeing what we want to work on.</p>



<a name="246242068"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246242068" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246242068">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:57)</a>:</h4>
<p>So -- definitely if folks have ideas, I'm happy to hear them. I think my current instinct says something like "be part of one of the tasks in a rotation"</p>



<a name="246242267"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246242267" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246242267">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:58)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="219696">XAMPPRocky</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016/near/246242056">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>It would be a good place to link to a list of issues we currently want help with, since likely anyone going to the charter would be interested in seeing what we want to work on.</p>
</blockquote>
<p>I think this is not quite right for the list of responsibilities for team members -- but the charter would absolutely link to the github repository or wherever the team has its issue tracker or similar</p>



<a name="246242435"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246242435" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246242435">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:59)</a>:</h4>
<p>Alright</p>



<a name="246242453"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246242453" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246242453">(Jul 16 2021 at 15:59)</a>:</h4>
<p>we're getting close to overtime</p>



<a name="246242635"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246242635" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246242635">(Jul 16 2021 at 16:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>It sounds like there are several adjustments to make from today's discussion -- I'm not sure I'll get to them over this next week, and if anyone wants to participate that'd be great (just file a PR!)</p>



<a name="246242698"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246242698" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246242698">(Jul 16 2021 at 16:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>but I've noted them down on my scratchpad for this work so I'll make sure they happen eventually :)</p>



<a name="246242721"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246242721" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> cuviper <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246242721">(Jul 16 2021 at 16:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>one small thing more, "Regression triage (shared with T-compiler)" could be any team really, like T-libs</p>



<a name="246242774"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246242774" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246242774">(Jul 16 2021 at 16:01)</a>:</h4>
<p>and we can discuss again next week -- want to make sure folks have time for any concerns that they have.</p>



<a name="246242815"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246242815" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246242815">(Jul 16 2021 at 16:01)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="138448">cuviper</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016/near/246242721">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>one small thing more, "Regression triage (shared with T-compiler)" could be any team really, like T-libs</p>
</blockquote>
<p>I think that line was written before the recent-ish renaissance of T-libs participating in regression triage :)</p>



<a name="246242838"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246242838" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> cuviper <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246242838">(Jul 16 2021 at 16:01)</a>:</h4>
<p>sure :)</p>



<a name="246242842"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246242842" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246242842">(Jul 16 2021 at 16:01)</a>:</h4>
<p>alright, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="261224">@triagebot</span> end-meeting</p>



<a name="246242846"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246242846" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> triagebot <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246242846">(Jul 16 2021 at 16:01)</a>:</h4>
<p>Does anyone have something to bring up?<br>
React with <span aria-label="working on it" class="emoji emoji-1f6e0" role="img" title="working on it">:working_on_it:</span> if you have something to say.<br>
React with <span aria-label="all good" class="emoji emoji-2705" role="img" title="all good">:all_good:</span> if you're ready to end the meeting.</p>



<a name="246243104"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246243104" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246243104">(Jul 16 2021 at 16:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>Thanks everyone! <span aria-label="wave" class="emoji emoji-1f44b" role="img" title="wave">:wave:</span></p>



<a name="246315163"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2007%2016/near/246315163" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2007.2016.html#246315163">(Jul 17 2021 at 09:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>followup: opened <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/governance/pull/5">https://github.com/rust-lang/governance/pull/5</a> with the updates to the charter</p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 20:01 UTC</p>
</html>