<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>meeting 2020-07-10 · t-release · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/index.html">t-release</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-10.html">meeting 2020-07-10</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="203521169"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-10/near/203521169" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-10.html#203521169">(Jul 10 2020 at 15:30)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="2907">@T-release</span> meeting!</p>



<a name="203521188"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-10/near/203521188" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-10.html#203521188">(Jul 10 2020 at 15:30)</a>:</h4>
<p>o/</p>



<a name="203521332"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-10/near/203521332" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-10.html#203521332">(Jul 10 2020 at 15:31)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="120823">@DPC</span> -- triage checkin?</p>



<a name="203521388"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-10/near/203521388" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> DPC <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-10.html#203521388">(Jul 10 2020 at 15:31)</a>:</h4>
<p>nothing much to report. had a routine monthly meeting on wed with the team.</p>



<a name="203521573"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-10/near/203521573" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-10.html#203521573">(Jul 10 2020 at 15:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>okay, great. moving on -- we have a release next week</p>



<a name="203521586"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-10/near/203521586" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-10.html#203521586">(Jul 10 2020 at 15:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>I believe <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="121055">@Pietro Albini</span> is running it?</p>



<a name="203521593"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-10/near/203521593" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-10.html#203521593">(Jul 10 2020 at 15:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>yeah</p>



<a name="203521604"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-10/near/203521604" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> DPC <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-10.html#203521604">(Jul 10 2020 at 15:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>that should be it</p>



<a name="203521626"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-10/near/203521626" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-10.html#203521626">(Jul 10 2020 at 15:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>I just r+'d the last round of backports, and touched base with Steve -- we should have a draft for the blog sometime today, I think</p>



<a name="203521699"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-10/near/203521699" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-10.html#203521699">(Jul 10 2020 at 15:34)</a>:</h4>
<p>So I think we should be good to go</p>



<a name="203521753"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-10/near/203521753" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-10.html#203521753">(Jul 10 2020 at 15:34)</a>:</h4>
<p>Anyone have something else to bring up?</p>



<a name="203521778"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-10/near/203521778" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> DPC <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-10.html#203521778">(Jul 10 2020 at 15:34)</a>:</h4>
<p>toolstate is broken, but i think the team is working on fixing it (Rls + rustfmt)</p>



<a name="203521855"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-10/near/203521855" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> cuviper <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-10.html#203521855">(Jul 10 2020 at 15:35)</a>:</h4>
<p>Maybe the Linux platform support? Not sure who needs to weigh in on that. (Dropping RHEL5)</p>



<a name="203521938"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-10/near/203521938" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-10.html#203521938">(Jul 10 2020 at 15:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>Okay -- I'll try and ping some folks after the meeting wrt to toolstate to confirm that it's on its way to being fixed</p>



<a name="203521984"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-10/near/203521984" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-10.html#203521984">(Jul 10 2020 at 15:36)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="138448">@cuviper</span> I'm not sure. Maybe we should just FCP it for release team?</p>



<a name="203522018"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-10/near/203522018" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-10.html#203522018">(Jul 10 2020 at 15:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>Anyone have thoughts on how we should approve that change?</p>



<a name="203522119"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-10/near/203522119" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> cuviper <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-10.html#203522119">(Jul 10 2020 at 15:37)</a>:</h4>
<p>Do you want an issue on the release team repo for that?</p>



<a name="203522148"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-10/near/203522148" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-10.html#203522148">(Jul 10 2020 at 15:37)</a>:</h4>
<p>hm I don't think so, or at least not sure we'd get much out of that</p>



<a name="203522206"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-10/near/203522206" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-10.html#203522206">(Jul 10 2020 at 15:38)</a>:</h4>
<p>I was going to directly FCP the PR</p>



<a name="203522212"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-10/near/203522212" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> cuviper <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-10.html#203522212">(Jul 10 2020 at 15:38)</a>:</h4>
<p>Ok</p>



<a name="203522316"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-10/near/203522316" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-10.html#203522316">(Jul 10 2020 at 15:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'll do that after the meeting, and if folks feel that we should be doing something different, feel free to raise a concern, I'm definitely open to alternatives as well</p>



<a name="203522459"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-10/near/203522459" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-10.html#203522459">(Jul 10 2020 at 15:40)</a>:</h4>
<p>Anything else?</p>



<a name="203522464"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-10/near/203522464" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> cuviper <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-10.html#203522464">(Jul 10 2020 at 15:40)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think it would also help to document how we'll decide this in the future. Right now it's basically that Red Hat and SUSE stakeholders agree on this baseline.</p>



<a name="203522514"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-10/near/203522514" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> cuviper <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-10.html#203522514">(Jul 10 2020 at 15:41)</a>:</h4>
<p>Maybe that's enough, but we could make that clear.</p>



<a name="203522709"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-10/near/203522709" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-10.html#203522709">(Jul 10 2020 at 15:42)</a>:</h4>
<p>It seems reasonable to say that basically we try to provide a baseline of support that works for downstream distros, though I would maybe not restrict the set just to Red Hat and SUSE -- though we could make it so that we check in with both by default at least</p>



<a name="203522764"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-10/near/203522764" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-10.html#203522764">(Jul 10 2020 at 15:43)</a>:</h4>
<p>Maybe a PR against the platform support page on forge or something could work, or just an informal document in the release team repo</p>



<a name="203522792"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-10/near/203522792" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-10.html#203522792">(Jul 10 2020 at 15:43)</a>:</h4>
<p>(I guess we could approve an RFC to that effect)</p>



<a name="203522797"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-10/near/203522797" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> cuviper <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-10.html#203522797">(Jul 10 2020 at 15:43)</a>:</h4>
<p>Those two just have the longest support requirements, that's all.</p>



<a name="203522923"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-10/near/203522923" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-10.html#203522923">(Jul 10 2020 at 15:44)</a>:</h4>
<p>In the short term I'll fcp the PR, but I agree it would be good to formalize the constraints here. I think an RFC could be a good fit for doing so -- I might try and find time to sketch a draft</p>



<a name="203522937"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-10/near/203522937" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-10.html#203522937">(Jul 10 2020 at 15:44)</a>:</h4>
<p>(or if you want to <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="138448">@cuviper</span>, that'd be amazing!)</p>



<a name="203522962"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-10/near/203522962" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> cuviper <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-10.html#203522962">(Jul 10 2020 at 15:44)</a>:</h4>
<p>I can take that on</p>



<a name="203523019"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-10/near/203523019" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-10.html#203523019">(Jul 10 2020 at 15:45)</a>:</h4>
<p>Let's call the meeting here then. Thanks all!</p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 20:01 UTC</p>
</html>