<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>meeting 2020-07-17 · t-release · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/index.html">t-release</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-17.html">meeting 2020-07-17</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="204220091"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-17/near/204220091" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-17.html#204220091">(Jul 17 2020 at 15:30)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="2907">@T-release</span> meeting!</p>



<a name="204220194"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-17/near/204220194" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-17.html#204220194">(Jul 17 2020 at 15:31)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="120823">@DPC</span> wg-triage checkin?</p>



<a name="204220228"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-17/near/204220228" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> DPC <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-17.html#204220228">(Jul 17 2020 at 15:31)</a>:</h4>
<p>nothing much to report. just going through the triage reports</p>



<a name="204220362"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-17/near/204220362" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-17.html#204220362">(Jul 17 2020 at 15:32)</a>:</h4>
<p>okay, thanks!</p>



<a name="204220418"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-17/near/204220418" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-17.html#204220418">(Jul 17 2020 at 15:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>I believe there are no nominated issues (normal beta or stable), so we can go to the agenda</p>



<a name="204220428"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-17/near/204220428" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-17.html#204220428">(Jul 17 2020 at 15:33)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="121055">@Pietro Albini</span> I believe you added the item?</p>



<a name="204220442"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-17/near/204220442" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-17.html#204220442">(Jul 17 2020 at 15:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>yeah</p>



<a name="204220443"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-17/near/204220443" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-17.html#204220443">(Jul 17 2020 at 15:33)</a>:</h4>
<blockquote>
<p>Only sign the manifest instead of all the files in a release.</p>
</blockquote>



<a name="204220489"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-17/near/204220489" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-17.html#204220489">(Jul 17 2020 at 15:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>so, currently our release process uses gpg to sign the release manifest and <em>all</em> the tarballs we ship</p>



<a name="204220618"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-17/near/204220618" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> cuviper <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-17.html#204220618">(Jul 17 2020 at 15:34)</a>:</h4>
<p>That seems like a good thing -- only rustup uses the manifest</p>



<a name="204220645"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-17/near/204220645" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-17.html#204220645">(Jul 17 2020 at 15:34)</a>:</h4>
<p>signing all the tarballs is not much useful I think: we already sign the manifest, and the manifest contains all the hashes</p>



<a name="204220693"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-17/near/204220693" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-17.html#204220693">(Jul 17 2020 at 15:35)</a>:</h4>
<p>so it's possible to verify all the things we ship by just looking at the manifest</p>



<a name="204220747"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-17/near/204220747" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-17.html#204220747">(Jul 17 2020 at 15:35)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm wondering how many things would break by signing just the manifest</p>



<a name="204220837"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-17/near/204220837" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> cuviper <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-17.html#204220837">(Jul 17 2020 at 15:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>Is it _harmful_ to sign everything? What's the benefit in changing?</p>



<a name="204220838"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-17/near/204220838" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-17.html#204220838">(Jul 17 2020 at 15:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>(especially from <span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="138448">cuviper</span> with their distro hat)</p>



<a name="204220885"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-17/near/204220885" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-17.html#204220885">(Jul 17 2020 at 15:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>so, the problem is that I want to make some changes to improve the security of our release infrastructure</p>



<a name="204220919"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-17/near/204220919" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> cuviper <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-17.html#204220919">(Jul 17 2020 at 15:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>From my side, we don't use those signatures anyway. I think Debian might check more, not sure.</p>



<a name="204220950"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-17/near/204220950" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-17.html#204220950">(Jul 17 2020 at 15:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>by moving the signing to a separate system with a audit trail, allowing us to better understand what happened in case of a compromise</p>



<a name="204221028"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-17/near/204221028" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-17.html#204221028">(Jul 17 2020 at 15:37)</a>:</h4>
<p>and sending 27gb of data to that separate system might be a bit expensive (#!@ aws egress)</p>



<a name="204221057"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-17/near/204221057" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-17.html#204221057">(Jul 17 2020 at 15:37)</a>:</h4>
<p>(each release currently weights 27/28gb)</p>



<a name="204221080"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-17/near/204221080" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> cuviper <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-17.html#204221080">(Jul 17 2020 at 15:37)</a>:</h4>
<p>Ouch</p>



<a name="204221213"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-17/near/204221213" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> cuviper <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-17.html#204221213">(Jul 17 2020 at 15:38)</a>:</h4>
<p>Do we have separate checksum files too, or is that only in the manifest?</p>



<a name="204221252"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-17/near/204221252" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-17.html#204221252">(Jul 17 2020 at 15:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>we also have a <code>.sha256</code> for each file</p>



<a name="204221261"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-17/near/204221261" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-17.html#204221261">(Jul 17 2020 at 15:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>but now that you brought it up</p>



<a name="204221285"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-17/near/204221285" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-17.html#204221285">(Jul 17 2020 at 15:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>it might make a lot of sense to also generate a <code>SHA256SUMS</code> and sign that plus the manifest</p>



<a name="204221318"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-17/near/204221318" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> cuviper <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-17.html#204221318">(Jul 17 2020 at 15:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>That seems reasonable</p>



<a name="204221482"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-17/near/204221482" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-17.html#204221482">(Jul 17 2020 at 15:40)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'd personally be fine signing just the manifest as well, but this seems fine too</p>



<a name="204221493"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-17/near/204221493" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-17.html#204221493">(Jul 17 2020 at 15:40)</a>:</h4>
<p>so, I guess next steps would be to post a thread on internals and ping debian folks to it?</p>



<a name="204221531"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-17/near/204221531" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-17.html#204221531">(Jul 17 2020 at 15:41)</a>:</h4>
<p>The only situation in which the manifest/hash file would be insufficient is if sha256 collision occurs/is forced, right?</p>



<a name="204221573"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-17/near/204221573" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-17.html#204221573">(Jul 17 2020 at 15:41)</a>:</h4>
<p>and I guess that's super unlikely for our case</p>



<a name="204221614"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-17/near/204221614" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-17.html#204221614">(Jul 17 2020 at 15:41)</a>:</h4>
<p>well gpg signatures still rely on a hash from my understanding</p>



<a name="204221659"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-17/near/204221659" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-17.html#204221659">(Jul 17 2020 at 15:42)</a>:</h4>
<p>(is it sha512?)</p>



<a name="204221696"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-17/near/204221696" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-17.html#204221696">(Jul 17 2020 at 15:42)</a>:</h4>
<p>not sure. I guess today we sign both the tarball and the hash file, right?</p>



<a name="204221705"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-17/near/204221705" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-17.html#204221705">(Jul 17 2020 at 15:42)</a>:</h4>
<p>I seem to recall that being the case</p>



<a name="204221723"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-17/near/204221723" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-17.html#204221723">(Jul 17 2020 at 15:42)</a>:</h4>
<p>maybe, but like, signing the tarball still signs a hash of it</p>



<a name="204221730"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-17/near/204221730" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-17.html#204221730">(Jul 17 2020 at 15:42)</a>:</h4>
<p>anyway, an internals thread seems like the right approach</p>



<a name="204221745"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-17/near/204221745" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-17.html#204221745">(Jul 17 2020 at 15:42)</a>:</h4>
<p><span aria-label="thumbs up" class="emoji emoji-1f44d" role="img" title="thumbs up">:thumbs_up:</span></p>



<a name="204221754"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-17/near/204221754" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-17.html#204221754">(Jul 17 2020 at 15:43)</a>:</h4>
<p>I assume changing the gpg signing to just the manifest is separate to the codesigning that we’d eventually want for macOS and/or Windows?</p>



<a name="204221770"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-17/near/204221770" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-17.html#204221770">(Jul 17 2020 at 15:43)</a>:</h4>
<p>yeah</p>



<a name="204221781"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-17/near/204221781" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-17.html#204221781">(Jul 17 2020 at 15:43)</a>:</h4>
<p>I can talk about that after the meeting</p>



<a name="204221807"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-17/near/204221807" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-17.html#204221807">(Jul 17 2020 at 15:43)</a>:</h4>
<p>(and in another topic :)</p>



<a name="204221818"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-17/near/204221818" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-17.html#204221818">(Jul 17 2020 at 15:43)</a>:</h4>
<p>(yep :) )</p>



<a name="204221822"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-17/near/204221822" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-17.html#204221822">(Jul 17 2020 at 15:43)</a>:</h4>
<p>Do we have any other items for the agenda?</p>



<a name="204221844"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-17/near/204221844" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-17.html#204221844">(Jul 17 2020 at 15:43)</a>:</h4>
<p>I guess following up with the lambda changes?</p>



<a name="204221912"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-17/near/204221912" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-17.html#204221912">(Jul 17 2020 at 15:44)</a>:</h4>
<p>oh, hm, I see that as <a class="stream" data-stream-id="242791" href="/#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra">#t-infra</a> -- did we need to take some action here?</p>



<a name="204221973"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-17/near/204221973" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-17.html#204221973">(Jul 17 2020 at 15:44)</a>:</h4>
<p>Lambda? As in AWS?</p>



<a name="204221983"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-17/near/204221983" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-17.html#204221983">(Jul 17 2020 at 15:45)</a>:</h4>
<p>uh I recall discussing it here</p>



<a name="204222002"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-17/near/204222002" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-17.html#204222002">(Jul 17 2020 at 15:45)</a>:</h4>
<p>I probably misremembered</p>



<a name="204222011"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-17/near/204222011" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-17.html#204222011">(Jul 17 2020 at 15:45)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="120076">BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-17/near/204221973">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>Lambda? As in AWS?</p>
</blockquote>
<p>yes</p>



<a name="204222022"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-17/near/204222022" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-17.html#204222022">(Jul 17 2020 at 15:45)</a>:</h4>
<p>that's all from me then <span aria-label="smiley" class="emoji emoji-1f603" role="img" title="smiley">:smiley:</span></p>



<a name="204222059"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-17/near/204222059" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> cuviper <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-17.html#204222059">(Jul 17 2020 at 15:45)</a>:</h4>
<p>Need one more signoff on <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/74163">#74163</a> (Linux baseline)</p>



<a name="204222410"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-17/near/204222410" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> cuviper <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-17.html#204222410">(Jul 17 2020 at 15:46)</a>:</h4>
<p>Will that then have FCP, or go ahead and merge?</p>



<a name="204222416"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-17/near/204222416" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-17.html#204222416">(Jul 17 2020 at 15:46)</a>:</h4>
<p>okay, let's call the meeting here then, it sounds like that's pretty much all. Thanks! <span aria-label="wave" class="emoji emoji-1f44b" role="img" title="wave">:wave:</span></p>



<a name="204222427"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202020-07-17/near/204222427" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202020-07-17.html#204222427">(Jul 17 2020 at 15:46)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="138448">@cuviper</span> just merging seems fine</p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 20:01 UTC</p>
</html>