<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>meeting 2021 06 18 · t-release · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/index.html">t-release</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html">meeting 2021 06 18</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="243176215"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243176215" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243176215">(Jun 18 2021 at 15:30)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="2907">@T-release</span> meeting!</p>



<a name="243176508"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243176508" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243176508">(Jun 18 2021 at 15:32)</a>:</h4>
<p>alright</p>



<a name="243176523"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243176523" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243176523">(Jun 18 2021 at 15:32)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="120823">@DPC</span> anything urgent on triage?</p>



<a name="243176565"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243176565" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> DPC <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243176565">(Jun 18 2021 at 15:32)</a>:</h4>
<p>nothing urgent need to look into the open prs</p>



<a name="243176611"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243176611" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243176611">(Jun 18 2021 at 15:32)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok</p>



<a name="243176631"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243176631" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243176631">(Jun 18 2021 at 15:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>let's move on into a bit of release discussion/retro</p>



<a name="243176664"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243176664" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243176664">(Jun 18 2021 at 15:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>the first thing I wanted to mention is that I haven't pushed through the new beta or bootstrap changes on master; currently dealing with some problems on CI <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/86413">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/86413</a></p>



<a name="243176682"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243176682" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243176682">(Jun 18 2021 at 15:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm hoping to get both squared away today, though</p>



<a name="243176787"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243176787" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243176787">(Jun 18 2021 at 15:34)</a>:</h4>
<p>It doesn’t seem like <code>::BITS</code> broke the world, so that was good.</p>



<a name="243176913"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243176913" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243176913">(Jun 18 2021 at 15:35)</a>:</h4>
<p>other than that, I think generally there were no problems with the release that were prominently visible to the world -- though definitely some problems we can identify internally</p>



<a name="243177026"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243177026" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243177026">(Jun 18 2021 at 15:36)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="121055">@Pietro Albini</span> mentioned (and I agree) that this release, like 1.52 and several of the past releases too I think, though in different ways had several last minute fixes and patches due to discoveries</p>



<a name="243177066"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243177066" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243177066">(Jun 18 2021 at 15:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>it's not clear to me that we can do <em>too</em> much about this; there was some discussion of pushing the release back a little</p>



<a name="243177121"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243177121" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> cuviper <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243177121">(Jun 18 2021 at 15:37)</a>:</h4>
<p>rather, push the testing build earlier, I thought?</p>



<a name="243177133"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243177133" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243177133">(Jun 18 2021 at 15:37)</a>:</h4>
<p>yeah that was my understanding too</p>



<a name="243177170"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243177170" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243177170">(Jun 18 2021 at 15:37)</a>:</h4>
<p>er yeah</p>



<a name="243177176"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243177176" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243177176">(Jun 18 2021 at 15:37)</a>:</h4>
<p>I meant the prerelease, sorry</p>



<a name="243177384"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243177384" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243177384">(Jun 18 2021 at 15:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think having the pre-release come out wed the week before could alleviate the "last minute fixes" problem</p>



<a name="243177385"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243177385" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> cuviper <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243177385">(Jun 18 2021 at 15:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>I do think some reminder to ask for beta testing would help too -- even if we're not asking for the specifically-new beta yet. more like "please also consider adding the beta channel to your regular testing routing, as it's easier on everyone to catch problems early!"</p>



<a name="243177575"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243177575" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243177575">(Jun 18 2021 at 15:40)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="121055">Pietro Albini</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018/near/243177384">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>I think having the pre-release come out wed the week before could alleviate the "last minute fixes" problem</p>
</blockquote>
<p>my rationale for Wed is to allow Thu and Fri for professional devs and Sat and Sun for hobbyists to test it, and Mon/Tue/Wed for us to work on patches</p>



<a name="243177670"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243177670" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243177670">(Jun 18 2021 at 15:41)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yeah, I am a little uncertain -- I think it could do some good to publish a post just asking for beta testing mid-cycle once in the upcoming cycle would be good</p>



<a name="243177942"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243177942" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243177942">(Jun 18 2021 at 15:43)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think we could try to push it back</p>



<a name="243177958"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243177958" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243177958">(Jun 18 2021 at 15:43)</a>:</h4>
<p>It'll be a bit more pain with the usual last minute backports</p>



<a name="243177994"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243177994" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> cuviper <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243177994">(Jun 18 2021 at 15:43)</a>:</h4>
<p>but that's what we're trying to avoid</p>



<a name="243178014"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243178014" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> cuviper <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243178014">(Jun 18 2021 at 15:43)</a>:</h4>
<p>this shouldn't be usual</p>



<a name="243178124"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243178124" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243178124">(Jun 18 2021 at 15:44)</a>:</h4>
<p>we always -- for basically the last 2-3 years -- have 3-4 last minute backports</p>



<a name="243178161"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243178161" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243178161">(Jun 18 2021 at 15:45)</a>:</h4>
<p>and, much more rarely, some backports after the monday/tuesday promotion</p>



<a name="243178213"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243178213" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243178213">(Jun 18 2021 at 15:45)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="116122">simulacrum</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018/near/243177958">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>It'll be a bit more pain with the usual last minute backports</p>
</blockquote>
<p>there will be a cycle where it happens, but I would expect us to also shift beta/nightly back along with the pre-release, so like there won't be less time to work on backports after the first cycle</p>



<a name="243178234"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243178234" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> cuviper <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243178234">(Jun 18 2021 at 15:45)</a>:</h4>
<p>just because we have done that for a long time, doesn't mean it's not a point of risk -- and stress!</p>



<a name="243178343"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243178343" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243178343">(Jun 18 2021 at 15:46)</a>:</h4>
<p>I mean, sure, but I don't know what you want to <em>do</em> about it -- moving dates isn't going to change the pace of development and backports, I expect</p>



<a name="243178431"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243178431" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> cuviper <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243178431">(Jun 18 2021 at 15:47)</a>:</h4>
<p>we take these steps to hopefully catch things before last minute, and raise the bar on what we accept so late</p>



<a name="243178458"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243178458" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243178458">(Jun 18 2021 at 15:47)</a>:</h4>
<p>I don't object to taking these steps</p>



<a name="243178484"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243178484" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243178484">(Jun 18 2021 at 15:47)</a>:</h4>
<p>but I don't believe they will let us avoid backports at the last minute</p>



<a name="243178522"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243178522" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243178522">(Jun 18 2021 at 15:48)</a>:</h4>
<p>we usually ship several slipping regressions</p>



<a name="243178668"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243178668" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243178668">(Jun 18 2021 at 15:49)</a>:</h4>
<p>anyway, I guess we can try</p>



<a name="243178776"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243178776" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243178776">(Jun 18 2021 at 15:50)</a>:</h4>
<p>is there anything else folks would like to bring up?</p>



<a name="243178779"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243178779" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> cuviper <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243178779">(Jun 18 2021 at 15:50)</a>:</h4>
<p>I also feel like we had a few things that were like "mark will remember to do this before release" -- I mean no offense to you, but were these tracked in some visible/shared way? like the state of disabling incremental, I didn't know the plan on that</p>



<a name="243178801"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243178801" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243178801">(Jun 18 2021 at 15:50)</a>:</h4>
<p>there was an issue filed and tracked as p-critical</p>



<a name="243178840"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243178840" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> cuviper <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243178840">(Jun 18 2021 at 15:51)</a>:</h4>
<p>does that show up on a project board?</p>



<a name="243178863"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243178863" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243178863">(Jun 18 2021 at 15:51)</a>:</h4>
<p>uh, no, but we don't use those for anything. it shows up on the milestone, though</p>



<a name="243178878"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243178878" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243178878">(Jun 18 2021 at 15:51)</a>:</h4>
<p><a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/milestone/81">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/milestone/81</a></p>



<a name="243178896"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243178896" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243178896">(Jun 18 2021 at 15:52)</a>:</h4>
<p><a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/86004">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/86004</a></p>



<a name="243178943"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243178943" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243178943">(Jun 18 2021 at 15:52)</a>:</h4>
<p>(closed now so not on the list)</p>



<a name="243179059"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243179059" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> cuviper <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243179059">(Jun 18 2021 at 15:53)</a>:</h4>
<p>so ok, that tracks what we need to do, but not how/when we'll do it. I ended up raising this in chat because I feared it was slipping, to find out that your plan was to do it in stable promotion.</p>



<a name="243179198"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243179198" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243179198">(Jun 18 2021 at 15:54)</a>:</h4>
<p>It's part of my routine at least to check the milestone during promotion</p>



<a name="243179242"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243179242" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243179242">(Jun 18 2021 at 15:54)</a>:</h4>
<p>it's also true that was discussed, with Felix for example, though not logged on the issue (seems like it would have been good to do so, though I don't think it's of great importance)</p>



<a name="243179338"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243179338" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> cuviper <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243179338">(Jun 18 2021 at 15:55)</a>:</h4>
<p>suppose you were incapacitated -- would others know what to do?</p>



<a name="243179497"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243179497" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> cuviper <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243179497">(Jun 18 2021 at 15:56)</a>:</h4>
<p>(if others feel I'm making much ado about nothing, please say so)</p>



<a name="243179500"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243179500" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243179500">(Jun 18 2021 at 15:56)</a>:</h4>
<p>imo, going through all milestoned issues should be the expected practice</p>



<a name="243179529"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243179529" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243179529">(Jun 18 2021 at 15:57)</a>:</h4>
<p>certainly we can document that more, but I think as much as we can, the answer is yes</p>



<a name="243179707"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243179707" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> cuviper <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243179707">(Jun 18 2021 at 15:58)</a>:</h4>
<p>without context, that issue was P-critical without action for 10 days</p>



<a name="243179932"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243179932" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243179932">(Jun 18 2021 at 16:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>This is not uncommon for p-critical issues, tbh</p>



<a name="243179958"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243179958" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243179958">(Jun 18 2021 at 16:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>it was specifically discussed that we would backport in the stable promotion</p>



<a name="243179967"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243179967" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243179967">(Jun 18 2021 at 16:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>we wanted to keep beta clean of that patch</p>



<a name="243180107"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243180107" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> cuviper <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243180107">(Jun 18 2021 at 16:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>so, that's fine, and I'm not really trying to litigate that particular issue. more that I don't feel the whole release team is kept aware if these things aren't clearly communicated.</p>



<a name="243180139"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243180139" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> cuviper <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243180139">(Jun 18 2021 at 16:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>maybe it's just me</p>



<a name="243180168"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243180168" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> cuviper <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243180168">(Jun 18 2021 at 16:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>and we're also out of time</p>



<a name="243180313"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243180313" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243180313">(Jun 18 2021 at 16:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>it's certainly my impression that most of the release team did not <em>want</em> to be kept carefully informed of these things</p>



<a name="243180338"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243180338" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243180338">(Jun 18 2021 at 16:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>if that's wrong, then we should work towards making that happen more consistently</p>



<a name="243180424"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243180424" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243180424">(Jun 18 2021 at 16:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>yeah, let's call it for today, but I'm happy to chat with you individually <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="138448">@cuviper</span> or we can continue next week (or otherwise).</p>



<a name="243180428"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243180428" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243180428">(Jun 18 2021 at 16:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>Thanks everyone!</p>



<a name="243180504"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243180504" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> cuviper <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243180504">(Jun 18 2021 at 16:05)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="116122">simulacrum</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018/near/243179242">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>it's also true that was discussed, with Felix for example, though not logged on the issue (seems like it would have been good to do so, though I don't think it's of great importance)</p>
</blockquote>
<p>I guess I'd put the emphasis here, it <em>is</em> important</p>



<a name="243181456"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243181456" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243181456">(Jun 18 2021 at 16:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>hm, well, not sure I completely agree - it was discussed publicly in a compiler meeting on the topic of the incr bugs, IIRC, and agreement was reached there. We can work to reflect things on issues, but these things necessarily add overhead, and right now it does not seem that the overhead is entirely necessary -- the steps would be the same for the release regardless of when the force env patch was backported, and backporting it would be natural step to closing out that issue</p>



<a name="243181471"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243181471" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243181471">(Jun 18 2021 at 16:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>if I disappeared, it could have been done earlier and that would be OK too</p>



<a name="243182244"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243182244" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> cuviper <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243182244">(Jun 18 2021 at 16:21)</a>:</h4>
<p>I don't agree that it's overhead. In this case, it caused extra confusion because even Felix didn't seem to remember that plan when I asked about it. He was ready to jump on it at my request, but I was missing information.</p>



<a name="243182403"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243182403" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> cuviper <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243182403">(Jun 18 2021 at 16:23)</a>:</h4>
<p>it was not a big deal, but that's what got me thinking about how we're sharing information</p>



<a name="243182522"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243182522" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> cuviper <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243182522">(Jun 18 2021 at 16:24)</a>:</h4>
<p>(and whether I had missed that information somewhere)</p>



<a name="243182627"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243182627" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> cuviper <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243182627">(Jun 18 2021 at 16:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>I see it now in the compiler meeting archive, but that would have been good to call out in the issue</p>



<a name="243182815"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting%202021%2006%2018/near/243182815" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> cuviper <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/241545-t-release/topic/meeting.202021.2006.2018.html#243182815">(Jun 18 2021 at 16:27)</a>:</h4>
<p>that's all -- we don't need to belabor this further</p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 20:01 UTC</p>
</html>