[
    {
        "content": "<p>I started working on an RFC defining the types team:</p>\n<p><a href=\"https://hackmd.io/kREtk8pdTfC5lz97jGYjFA\">https://hackmd.io/kREtk8pdTfC5lz97jGYjFA</a></p>\n<p>Very early and incomplete draft, planning to steal material from the <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/zmc94SHQQbGVSupDPKkFsA\">other writeup</a>.</p>",
        "id": 276106305,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1647893094
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(deleted)</p>",
        "id": 276106321,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1647893100
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>One thing I am thinking about is that we will need some protocol for compiler team to \"nominate\" issues to our attention. I don't particularly want to do triage meetings, I'm hoping we can avoid that, but perhaps a specific Zulip stream (#t-types/nominations) or something would suffice.</p>",
        "id": 276111475,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1647895901
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(cc <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span> and <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"125250\">@Wesley Wiser</span> on that)</p>",
        "id": 276111487,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1647895913
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think in some form or another, we <em>will</em> have to do some kind of triage</p>",
        "id": 276111757,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1647896043
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>For example, there are many \"types related\" P-high issues open</p>",
        "id": 276111783,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1647896066
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I could imagine that being an initiative to drive those down</p>",
        "id": 276111850,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1647896087
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>And at some point, we <em>do</em> need to go through these</p>",
        "id": 276111870,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1647896091
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the scenario I am thinking is:</p>",
        "id": 276111882,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1647896094
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>\"new soundness issue occurs, someone needs to respond to it\"</p>",
        "id": 276111930,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1647896104
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't think we necessarily need regular triage issues though</p>",
        "id": 276111973,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1647896113
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"232957\">Jack Huey</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/144729-wg-traits/topic/types.20team.20RFC/near/276111870\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>And at some point, we <em>do</em> need to go through these</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"124288\">@oli</span> has been doing some of that, actually</p>",
        "id": 276112001,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1647896120
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I do want us to get to \"inbox zero\"</p>",
        "id": 276112061,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1647896134
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Agreed</p>",
        "id": 276112265,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1647896170
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Here is an (incomplete) list of issues probably under types team: <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3AWG-traits\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3AWG-traits</a></p>",
        "id": 276112356,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1647896191
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Some are tracking issues, other soundness bugs, etc.</p>",
        "id": 276112450,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1647896212
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Current membership:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>oli-obk</li>\n<li>spastorino</li>\n<li>compiler-errors</li>\n<li>lcnr</li>\n<li>matthewjasper</li>\n<li>lqd</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 276112485,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1647896220
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>am I overlooking folks? no doubt I am</p>",
        "id": 276112513,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1647896225
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess there are a variety of compiler folks who might or might not want to be involved :)</p>",
        "id": 276112581,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1647896258
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>could probably leave this out of the RFC</p>",
        "id": 276112600,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1647896267
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think current membership is best left out of RFC</p>",
        "id": 276112857,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1647896382
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>agreed</p>",
        "id": 276112890,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1647896400
    },
    {
        "content": "<h3>Leads and membership</h3>\n<p>The current team leads are Nicholas Matsakis (nikomatsakis) and Jack Huey. Initial membership will be determined by the leads after team is created.</p>",
        "id": 276112934,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1647896403
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that's what I wrote</p>",
        "id": 276112942,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1647896405
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Works for me</p>",
        "id": 276112984,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1647896417
    },
    {
        "content": "<h2>Leads</h2>\n<p>Leads are responsible for:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Leading and scheduling team meetings</li>\n<li>Selecting the deep dive meetings</li>\n<li>Making decisions regarding team membership</li>\n<li>General \"buck stops here\"-type decisions</li>\n</ul>\n<p>Leads typically serve for 6 months to 1 year, at which point we will consider whether to rotate.</p>\n<h2>Team membership</h2>\n<p>Membership in the team is awarded on the basis of experience working on the implementation, source, or design of an active initiative. Membership is kept up to date; if you are inactive for &gt;6 months, we may move you to the alumni team.</p>\n<p>To become a member you typically have to (a) contribute consistently over a period of multiple months and (b) lead at least one \"deep dive\" (see below). The second point may be waived.</p>\n<p>This section contains \"current details\" about what the team is up to. These details are expected to change over time.</p>",
        "id": 276112991,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1647896420
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I also wrote that general material</p>",
        "id": 276113004,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1647896423
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well, copy-and-pasted</p>",
        "id": 276113029,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1647896428
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>OK, first draft of RFC is basically done from my pov</p>",
        "id": 276113690,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1647896758
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://hackmd.io/kREtk8pdTfC5lz97jGYjFA\">link</a></p>",
        "id": 276113737,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1647896766
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Drawbacks:<br>\nComplicates \"ownership\" of things a bit. It's harder to tell what's lang vs types or compiler vs types. (Imagine a big PR that touches a lot of rustc code, including trait solving, does that change need to be signed off by types team? Or compiler team?)</p>",
        "id": 276114024,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1647896944
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>What about repo access? Not everyone on the membership list has r+ privileges for rustc right now.</p>",
        "id": 276114162,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1647897019
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Prior art: Maybe other forms of organization in the rust project? Teams, initiatives, working groups, projects. (For teams, specifically T-rustdoc is one that I think is good to draw parallels to in terms of repo access and such)</p>",
        "id": 276114375,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1647897124
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Future possibilites: Other subteams?</p>",
        "id": 276114391,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1647897136
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> I added my nits to the RFC draft you made</p>",
        "id": 278310709,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1649427507
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>This it's ready to be opened today?</p>",
        "id": 278310734,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1649427518
    }
]