[
    {
        "content": "<p>Hey <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"810\">@WG-unsafe-code-guidelines</span> -- so <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"271719\">@Mario Carneiro</span> was asking me about being added to the github group and it prompted me to want to start a quick conversation. My impression is that this working group is currently \"stalled\", and needs a certain amount of \"leadership bandwidth\" to move forward. Primarily I think this is is somebody to kind of survey the state of things and keep driving the group towards a first RFC (I imagine this would still be layout guarantees etc). I do hope this will happen but I also thik it's ok for it to stay stalled for a bit. </p>\n<p>However, that does raise the question of what does membership mean. I think I'd be in favor of acknowledging the overall stalled state and interpreting membership as \"interesting in getting pings and participation\". This is probably what I would want it to mean longer term, as well. In other words, we could add people as members with relative ease -- although maybe converting to a \"notification group\" would be even better.</p>\n<p>I'm curious if people agree with my overall perception of the state of things.</p>",
        "id": 211502783,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1601304672
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Well I think there's no doubt that we're stalled currently -- interesting discussions happen occasionally, but there are no general \"WG activities\".</p>",
        "id": 211507094,
        "sender_full_name": "RalfJ",
        "timestamp": 1601306521
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't have strong opnions about membership, I don't think we have done \"votes by WG members\" or things like that in the past anyway... but I also have no idea how other WGs handle that.</p>",
        "id": 211507208,
        "sender_full_name": "RalfJ",
        "timestamp": 1601306563
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>FWIW, \"interest[ed] in getting pinged\" is definitely something that applies, for instance, to me; but I have no idea if that's how membership should be defined. It seems to me there may be a distinction between followers (who may occasionally chime in), and \"actual members\" / voters <span aria-label=\"thinking\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f914\" role=\"img\" title=\"thinking\">:thinking:</span></p>",
        "id": 211508501,
        "sender_full_name": "Daniel Henry-Mantilla",
        "timestamp": 1601307154
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think one thing that has indeed stalled the progress is that there's enough the WG has nailed down that T-Lang needs to start voting on things and saying <em>at least</em> \"yes, we approve of these things, use them as a basis for further developments\". Which isn't to say that the decisions have to be set in stone, but that we have to just have some sort of confirmation/feedback.</p>\n<p>I'd make a comparison to the code contribution process: there's a big set of PRs piling up, and some of them need to at least make it to Nightly status so that they can be used for further development. That doesn't make them instantly Stable, so we can adjust later if some sort of problem comes up.</p>\n<p>And I mean this would be <em>before</em> the RFC writing process, so that people would know where to focus a first RFC's efforts.</p>",
        "id": 211515579,
        "sender_full_name": "Lokathor",
        "timestamp": 1601310549
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>But yeah, since the WG isn't really a voting body, membership can be lightweight, and keeping it as simple as \"hey do you wanna get pings about that?\" seems totally fine.</p>",
        "id": 211515810,
        "sender_full_name": "Lokathor",
        "timestamp": 1601310646
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>I think one thing that has indeed stalled the progress is that there's enough the WG has nailed down that T-Lang needs to start voting on things and saying at least \"yes, we approve of these things, use them as a basis for further developments\". Which isn't to say that the decisions have to be set in stone, but that we have to just have some sort of confirmation/feedback.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>the plan was to use the RFC process for this -- historically RFC is something we do before putting into nightly, though nowadays dont always follow that process I think.</p>",
        "id": 211515850,
        "sender_full_name": "RalfJ",
        "timestamp": 1601310665
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think that the UCG has a lot more material in it waiting on approval than should be covered by one RFC, so there's some amount of triage/review that has to happen before anything is fit for RFC. Also, RFCs that are introduced suddenly without having a discussion leading up to the RFC's presentation to the public are the ones that seem to have a worse time of it.</p>",
        "id": 211516697,
        "sender_full_name": "Lokathor",
        "timestamp": 1601311015
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Also, I don't mean to say that an approval of particular points would literally put code into Nightly or anything. It's just that currently the UCG has \"there's a PR for it\" level authority, and it would be better if we could select some parts to have increased authority/confidence about without having to stand by that initial decision forever. So the Nightly/Stable was just a metaphor.</p>",
        "id": 211517181,
        "sender_full_name": "Lokathor",
        "timestamp": 1601311243
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe we should have a joint UCG and t-lang meeting some day, where UCG presents what they currently have to t-lang and then t-lang says what they imagine could be a good first RFC that they would generally be onboard with</p>",
        "id": 211517312,
        "sender_full_name": "RalfJ",
        "timestamp": 1601311323
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>A <em>fine</em> basis for a design meeting if ever there was.</p>",
        "id": 211517472,
        "sender_full_name": "Lokathor",
        "timestamp": 1601311384
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"120791\">@RalfJ</span> I was asked at today's T-Lang meeting to open an issue to setup a design meeting date for the UCG, but would you mind if I passed that task off to you? You're the wg lead and familiar with the project and such. Also, since design meetings are usually on Wednesday I probably wouldn't be able to personally attend anyway, I'd just watch the video later.</p>",
        "id": 211563167,
        "sender_full_name": "Lokathor",
        "timestamp": 1601335332
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I mean sure I just have no idea what it takes^^ like,open an issue where?</p>",
        "id": 211592084,
        "sender_full_name": "RalfJ",
        "timestamp": 1601367327
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>how'd I know if a date makes any sense? probably the lang team has a calendar?</p>",
        "id": 211592117,
        "sender_full_name": "RalfJ",
        "timestamp": 1601367352
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>probably a meeting proposal similar to <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/lang-team/issues/37\">https://github.com/rust-lang/lang-team/issues/37</a></p>",
        "id": 211592320,
        "sender_full_name": "lcnr",
        "timestamp": 1601367475
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"120791\">RalfJ</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/136281-t-lang.2Fwg-unsafe-code-guidelines/topic/group.20status.2C.20meaning.20of.20group.20membership/near/211592117\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>how'd I know if a date makes any sense? probably the lang team has a calendar?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p><a href=\"https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=recud4b9o8cmc0m5rmr033p5nk%40group.calendar.google.com&amp;ctz=America%2FNew_York\">https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=recud4b9o8cmc0m5rmr033p5nk%40group.calendar.google.com&amp;ctz=America%2FNew_York</a></p>",
        "id": 211592450,
        "sender_full_name": "lcnr",
        "timestamp": 1601367544
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"120791\">@RalfJ</span> <a href=\"https://lang-team.rust-lang.org/meetings.html#proposing-a-topic-for-a-design-meeting\">https://lang-team.rust-lang.org/meetings.html#proposing-a-topic-for-a-design-meeting</a></p>",
        "id": 211685943,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1601414376
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we need a better process for doing the scheduling though</p>",
        "id": 211685966,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1601414389
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe we should adopt the compiler team process :)</p>",
        "id": 211685975,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1601414393
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway I'm very much in favor of getting more steady communication and getting the WG up and going better <strong>but</strong> I've been reluctant to press on this at present because I personally am so over-subscribed</p>",
        "id": 211686059,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1601414420
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if other people want to take it on I am interested</p>",
        "id": 211686069,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1601414426
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we did have one such design meeting, as I recall, and as I mentioned the consensus <em>then</em> was that we need to revamp some of the docs to include more rationale</p>",
        "id": 211686099,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1601414445
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but that never happened</p>",
        "id": 211686105,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1601414449
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think that we are close to being ready for an RFC but I suspect there's a few important areas of disagreement worth nailing down</p>",
        "id": 211686138,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1601414471
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe not -- maybe they should be left for future work</p>",
        "id": 211686144,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1601414476
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm thinking specifically of things like uninitialized data in integers</p>",
        "id": 211686152,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1601414482
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay, I'll look into this but likely not before the weekend</p>",
        "id": 211751473,
        "sender_full_name": "RalfJ",
        "timestamp": 1601468883
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/136281-t-lang.2Fwg-unsafe-code-guidelines/topic/group.20status.2C.20meaning.20of.20group.20membership/near/211686099\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>we did have one such design meeting, as I recall, and as I mentioned the consensus <em>then</em> was that we need to revamp some of the docs to include more rationale</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>oh right, I forgot about that...</p>",
        "id": 211751539,
        "sender_full_name": "RalfJ",
        "timestamp": 1601468912
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"224471\">@Lokathor</span> so given that past meeting, is it even still worth trying to schedule a new one?</p>",
        "id": 212163755,
        "sender_full_name": "RalfJ",
        "timestamp": 1601719034
    }
]