[
    {
        "content": "<p>Hi <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"810\">@WG-unsafe-code-guidelines</span> -- I've been talking for some weeks now about the idea of having a video meeting for synchronization with lang team and broader community. I finally got around to writing up a draft report of the work we've done so far, and I'd love feedback:</p>\n<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/lang-team/pull/2\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/lang-team/pull/2\">https://github.com/rust-lang/lang-team/pull/2</a></p>\n<p>The idea would be that we would present this to members of the lang team + general public on a recorded Zoom call, which would later be posted. My hope is that it's an opportunity for us to present our overall plans, drum up more interest in our efforts, and get feedback as to how to proceed. </p>\n<p>One thing that is probably missing: some notes about what's happening in the validity discussion. This is mostly because I've not had the bandwidth to follow it at all. :(</p>",
        "id": 160052750,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551829774
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>cc <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116010\">@Aaron Turon</span>, thoughts on <span aria-label=\"point up\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f446\" role=\"img\" title=\"point up\">:point_up:</span> ?</p>",
        "id": 160052768,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551829799
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Also cc <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"120791\">@RalfJ</span>, who can probably help fill in some of those gaps</p>",
        "id": 160052818,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551829810
    }
]