[
    {
        "content": "<p>Hey <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"897\">@T-compiler/meeting</span> -- there is a design meeting planned for today at <time datetime=\"2020-09-18T14:00:00Z\">2020-09-18T10:00:00-04:00</time>. The topic is \"MCP Retrospective\". I've prepared a <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/a3s7XB1bRHq3uYSzA4-1yw\">summary of the survey</a> that we did. Based on the results, the clearest bit of feedback was that we need to revise the system to help in <strong>discarding</strong> MCPs and registering/resolving concerns. Let's focus on that. Here is a proposed agenda:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>5 min announcements</li>\n<li>5 min questions or clarifications on comments</li>\n<li>40 to discuss a system for discarding/registering concerns for MCPs</li>\n<li>5 min wrap-up</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 210497162,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600421960
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>About note-taking, should we use this meeting to also try something?</p>",
        "id": 210499953,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1600424098
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"255061\">@LeSeulArtichaut</span> like what?</p>",
        "id": 210522167,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600437605
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Like having somebody pre-assigned to take minutes? :)</p>",
        "id": 210522197,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600437621
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(speaking of which, I never have had time to do last week)</p>",
        "id": 210522229,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600437630
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'd suggest we not wait to see what <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"255061\">@LeSeulArtichaut</span> was thinking of, just to avoid unneeded delay</p>",
        "id": 210522461,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600437724
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Well, <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"897\">@T-compiler/meeting</span>, <span aria-label=\"wave\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44b\" role=\"img\" title=\"wave\">:wave:</span> to show you're here! Design meeting on MCP retrospective.</p>\n<h1>Announcements</h1>",
        "id": 210522582,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600437771
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(if someone wants to  volunteer to dedicate themselves to take minutes, please free free to say so in channel, I think. And maybe just grab a hackmd link and post it when you do.)</p>",
        "id": 210522586,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600437772
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I was going to append notes to the <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/a3s7XB1bRHq3uYSzA4-1yw\">hackmd</a> here</p>",
        "id": 210522633,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600437796
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(that works too)</p>",
        "id": 210522663,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600437812
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I just realized one detail</p>",
        "id": 210522727,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600437840
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the \"are you <del>about</del> able to keep up with major changes\" question</p>",
        "id": 210522773,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600437848
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I suggest people skim that hackmd if they haven't already)</p>",
        "id": 210522798,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600437859
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>s/about/able?</p>",
        "id": 210522818,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600437866
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I interpreted that as asking if one is able to keep up with the number of MCPs that are being approved.</p>",
        "id": 210522821,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600437868
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but its possible (Maybe?) to read that as asking whether you are able to keep up with the pace of <strong>proposals</strong></p>",
        "id": 210522876,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600437897
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span>  To be clear, you'd like the meeting notes/minutes at the end of the linked hackmd?</p>",
        "id": 210522903,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1600437906
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>That's what I would do, because then we can just export the complete thing as our record</p>",
        "id": 210522932,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600437921
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ok, I'll take the minutes</p>",
        "id": 210522955,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1600437934
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok, well, let's start!</p>",
        "id": 210523081,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600437978
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I had allocated 5 minutes for questions or clarifications about the contents of the hackmd</p>",
        "id": 210523122,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600438000
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Are there any? :)</p>",
        "id": 210523151,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600438018
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well</p>",
        "id": 210523155,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600438020
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I had one point of potential elaboration</p>",
        "id": 210523165,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600438026
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I was thinking about this: \" There is some feeling of “we have already gone through a week-long waiting period”, where were you then?\"</p>",
        "id": 210523197,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600438043
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>in general I think I want to encourage feedback, even if its \"late\"</p>",
        "id": 210523229,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600438063
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>My hunch is that it depends on the MCP</p>",
        "id": 210523328,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600438096
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>e.g., when we were talking about renaming directories</p>",
        "id": 210523353,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600438106
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I will say -- I personally felt this way on the directory renaming MCP(s)</p>",
        "id": 210523358,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1600438108
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I also think some kinds of feedback should be given more weight than others when it arrives late</p>",
        "id": 210523365,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600438110
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>E.g. \"this is too broad a change\"</p>",
        "id": 210523390,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600438122
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that's something that I think it makes sense to say \"well it was proposed and approved by MCP process\"</p>",
        "id": 210523425,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600438140
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bdesign.20meeting.5D.202020-09-18.20--.20MCP.20Retrospective/near/210523197\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I was thinking about this: \" There is some feeling of “we have already gone through a week-long waiting period”, where were you then?\"</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>same for the x.py defaults MCP</p>",
        "id": 210523437,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1600438145
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>mm that gives me an idea we can kind of add, which is that maybe we need to adjust the instructions to have a \"FAQ\" about this point in particular</p>",
        "id": 210523448,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600438150
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think the issue is that people are affected but don't see the MCP</p>",
        "id": 210523460,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1600438156
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><em>unless</em> one can argue that the original MCP was not clear about how broad the change would be</p>",
        "id": 210523461,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600438156
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>especially since the MCPs say 'compiler-team' but really affect more people than that</p>",
        "id": 210523536,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1600438194
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>its possible that's an issue in itself</p>",
        "id": 210523604,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600438208
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the compiler-team has agreed to take over maintenance of stdlib</p>",
        "id": 210523624,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600438217
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>only somewhat I guess</p>",
        "id": 210523635,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600438219
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>right, that's what I meant</p>",
        "id": 210523647,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600438224
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>to me, that was a big reason why we had a lot of say in the directory organization</p>",
        "id": 210523666,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600438235
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(side note that I do feel like that if this setup sticks, the \"implementation team\" might be a better name, but anyway)</p>",
        "id": 210523676,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600438242
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway, ok, it seems like we're drifting into the main agenda, so let's get to it</p>",
        "id": 210523710,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600438261
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if there aren't more questions/clarifications</p>",
        "id": 210523721,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600438265
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway, this is all a way of me to ask \"should we have official guidance as to what kinds of feedback are <em>discouraged</em> late in process\"</p>",
        "id": 210523762,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600438280
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or should we just play it by ear...</p>",
        "id": 210523804,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600438301
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think we can't play it by ear</p>",
        "id": 210523816,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1600438310
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>My sense was that by far the most common feedback was</p>\n<ul>\n<li>the problem of \"MCP limbo\", where there are MCPs that are not accepted but not clearly rejected</li>\n<li>after that, the problem of how we know if a concern is present and when it's \"resolved\" (who decides?)</li>\n<li>and it sounds like maybe the question of feedback after an MCP is accepted, and in particular MCPs for sweeping changes</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 210523836,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600438322
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>without a document to point to, saying \"don't give feedback\" is not going to go over well</p>",
        "id": 210523890,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1600438331
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>those three bullets sound good. Feedback <em>includes</em> concerns</p>",
        "id": 210524028,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600438391
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The first bullet is \"trivially\" solvable by just closing MCPs after some time</p>",
        "id": 210524064,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600438413
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(so the issue of \"what about concerns posted post acceptance\" goes with 3rd bullet)</p>",
        "id": 210524087,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600438423
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Presumably with a warning and special announcement in the meeting</p>",
        "id": 210524091,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600438425
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>heh</p>",
        "id": 210524103,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600438433
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Maybe not the most satisfactory answer -- but maybe not the worst :)</p>",
        "id": 210524109,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600438435
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so maybe we need a \"keep-alive\" signal or something</p>",
        "id": 210524116,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600438441
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>e.g. I still want to address the quiery MCP</p>",
        "id": 210524183,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600438455
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Sure, I think that some team member or contributor could  leave a comment saying \"give me a bit more time\"</p>",
        "id": 210524191,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600438458
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I don't want to second it as it stands</p>",
        "id": 210524196,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600438461
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The act of having to do that repeatedly is probably good :)</p>",
        "id": 210524236,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600438486
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>'needs changes'</p>",
        "id": 210524242,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1600438488
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>like, it shouldn't give you infinite time</p>",
        "id": 210524260,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600438497
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we don't have a way currently to mark something with \"this has identified an important problem that we should resolve; but I do not want to approve the solution as written\"</p>",
        "id": 210524264,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600438497
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah. I guess I would be tempted to say that the answer is \"just close it\"</p>",
        "id": 210524359,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600438541
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and leave a comment to that effect ;)</p>",
        "id": 210524368,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600438545
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(and then hopefully work will proceed to find a new solution)</p>",
        "id": 210524416,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600438563
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but we don't have a way to track or advertise that work to-be-done. <span aria-label=\"sad\" class=\"emoji emoji-2639\" role=\"img\" title=\"sad\">:sad:</span></p>",
        "id": 210524478,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600438579
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(other than opening yet another issue somewhere?)</p>",
        "id": 210524503,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600438592
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah, that's a challenge, but also a benefit, in that we don't accumulate a lot of vague, unactionable issues</p>",
        "id": 210524509,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600438596
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>true</p>",
        "id": 210524519,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600438601
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so instead those vague unactionable issues are just spread through word-of-mouth in our community?</p>",
        "id": 210524563,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600438625
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess that might be best, as bad as it sounds</p>",
        "id": 210524577,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600438630
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The second bullet brought to my mind the idea that I've sometimes had of a \"Technical Steering Committee\" for the compiler -- the idea being that the team is big enough that we ought to push decision making to a smaller group, probably one that serves for a fixed time and rotates</p>",
        "id": 210524618,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600438651
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bdesign.20meeting.5D.202020-09-18.20--.20MCP.20Retrospective/near/210524563\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>so instead those vague unactionable issues are just spread through word-of-mouth in our community?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>so another thing might be a label that can be applied, so you can search for closed MCPs that meet this criteria</p>",
        "id": 210524667,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600438671
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so it disappears from view but there are ways to find it later</p>",
        "id": 210524762,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600438698
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>closed issues seem not very discoverable :/ maybe the issues could be left open with the new label?</p>",
        "id": 210524786,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1600438709
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>label:open-research-problem</p>",
        "id": 210524831,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600438730
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I really don't want to keep these open</p>",
        "id": 210524857,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1600438743
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>like, discovery of these does not feel high priority to me</p>",
        "id": 210524885,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1600438755
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I can agree with that</p>",
        "id": 210524900,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600438765
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>its one thing to have a way to direct people searching for problems to solve (by telling them to look at closed issues with a certain label)</p>",
        "id": 210524930,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600438777
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but that doesn't mean they should be in everyone's face all the time</p>",
        "id": 210524947,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600438787
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I agree that I'm not too worried about discoverability. I think word of mouth is kind of ok for now.</p>",
        "id": 210525027,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600438809
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and also <em>searching for problems to solve</em> for a good portion of contributors is not \"let's go find a stale not-complete design\"</p>",
        "id": 210525034,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1600438811
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>like, I can't imagine that being a good thing to point new contributors to</p>",
        "id": 210525063,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1600438823
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ideally, I think we'd be doing a better job defining our priorities in any case</p>",
        "id": 210525093,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600438835
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and helping steer people towards them</p>",
        "id": 210525104,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600438841
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I feel like for most folks who want to contribute, that is a better approach, and issues (whether MCP or otherwise) isn't the best.</p>",
        "id": 210525157,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600438866
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Like part of the reason that it's sitting there with no comments</p>",
        "id": 210525166,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600438871
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>is that in reality there is no bandwidth to follow up on it</p>",
        "id": 210525181,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600438876
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>which is why I'm suggesting \"close\", and the way to follow up is to prove you have the bandwidth by putting in the time</p>",
        "id": 210525229,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600438904
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm okay with closing. We don't even need to have a label for \"good problem but lukewarm solution\"</p>",
        "id": 210525360,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600438942
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>since then there'd be debate about when to apply it</p>",
        "id": 210525376,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600438954
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>word-of-mouth is fine</p>",
        "id": 210525398,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600438961
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I actually think some kind of label is not a bad idea</p>",
        "id": 210525406,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600438965
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>just because it can maybe take a bit of the \"sting\" out from closing</p>",
        "id": 210525427,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600438980
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think tracking \"interesting problems\" is perhaps not bad, but I might do something like the (not well-explored) lang team design tickets</p>",
        "id": 210525438,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1600438985
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I doubt honestly it'll make much difference</p>",
        "id": 210525443,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600438987
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I suppose that's true</p>",
        "id": 210525447,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600438989
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>e.g., <a href=\"https://lang-team.rust-lang.org/design_notes/int_literal_as_float.html\">https://lang-team.rust-lang.org/design_notes/int_literal_as_float.html</a></p>",
        "id": 210525458,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1600438993
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if a label makes it <em>easier</em> for us to close things</p>",
        "id": 210525461,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600438995
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>then that's worthwhile</p>",
        "id": 210525481,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600439003
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but that's orthogonal anyway</p>",
        "id": 210525489,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1600439006
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116122\">simulacrum</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bdesign.20meeting.5D.202020-09-18.20--.20MCP.20Retrospective/near/210525438\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I think tracking \"interesting problems\" is perhaps not bad, but I might do something like the (not well-explored) lang team design tickets</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>hmm yes, I still like that idea, it's just been hard to really put in the time</p>",
        "id": 210525500,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600439012
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but that's maybe somewhat orthogonal :)</p>",
        "id": 210525530,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600439025
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>should we circle back to the technical steering commitee idea?</p>",
        "id": 210525564,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600439038
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I do think it <em>is</em> useful to track interesting problems and the various stabs at them which have occurred</p>",
        "id": 210525569,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600439041
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or the general problem of \"who resolves concerns\" ?</p>",
        "id": 210525614,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600439045
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes, I think that would be good</p>",
        "id": 210525633,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1600439053
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yes but before we do</p>",
        "id": 210525647,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600439061
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it seemed like we had a consensus in this meeting that</p>",
        "id": 210525658,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600439066
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we ought to close MCP issues if they aren't receiving comments, after some period of time</p>",
        "id": 210525688,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600439082
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>with the option for folks to leave a comment to keep it open</p>",
        "id": 210525706,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600439090
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or perhaps just \"if not seconded\" -- I think ideally this would be automated</p>",
        "id": 210525731,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600439099
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Are there folks present who object to that? (Think about it, can deliver objections async)</p>",
        "id": 210525820,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600439135
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe I'll make an MCP for it ;)</p>",
        "id": 210525836,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600439143
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but basically I wanted to record the \"fragile consensus\"</p>",
        "id": 210525878,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600439161
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes this all sounds good</p>",
        "id": 210525931,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600439168
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think that's correct. I am not sure <em>where</em> such a comment should be left, but that's details</p>",
        "id": 210525964,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1600439183
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the label thing can be separate, and also does not <em>have</em> to be coupled to the closing</p>",
        "id": 210525976,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600439187
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok so the next bullet was that it's hard to track concerns and tell when they're resolved</p>",
        "id": 210526028,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600439205
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yea, autoclose on inactivity seems ok to me</p>",
        "id": 210526032,
        "sender_full_name": "oli",
        "timestamp": 1600439207
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the most obvious fix is to use @rfcbot concern foo</p>",
        "id": 210526061,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600439224
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>although I think we're using rustbot</p>",
        "id": 210526072,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600439229
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I feel like I've not <em>loved</em> that system of concerns with rfcbot necessarily</p>",
        "id": 210526091,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600439241
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bdesign.20meeting.5D.202020-09-18.20--.20MCP.20Retrospective/near/210526061\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>the most obvious fix is to use @rfcbot concern foo</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>the problem is this requires people to know they're going to be affected ahead of time</p>",
        "id": 210526107,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1600439246
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>wait, hold on, concern foo is a fix for what?</p>",
        "id": 210526123,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1600439254
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh I see</p>",
        "id": 210526140,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1600439260
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Note that <code>rfcbot concern foo</code> may be odd here, since the comment thread is <em>not</em> for tech discussion</p>",
        "id": 210526163,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600439272
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"232545\">@Joshua Nelson</span> that this is more the third bullet, about people raising concerns after MCP is accepted</p>",
        "id": 210526167,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600439273
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>right, I'm talking about that too</p>",
        "id": 210526191,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1600439281
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/76165#issuecomment-687615244\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/76165#issuecomment-687615244</a> is an example of someone affected who would have had <em>no idea</em> this would impact them</p>",
        "id": 210526234,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1600439287
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so you'd, what, link to a zulip chat or separate webpage post somewhere?</p>",
        "id": 210526235,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600439287
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span> it would be \"easy-ish\" to support doing that through zulip fwiw</p>",
        "id": 210526236,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1600439288
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bdesign.20meeting.5D.202020-09-18.20--.20MCP.20Retrospective/near/210526163\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Note that <code>rfcbot concern foo</code> may be odd here, since the comment thread is <em>not</em> for tech discussion</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I would find that it fits, personally, since I think it's an \"important point\" that rises above the noise</p>",
        "id": 210526248,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600439293
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I just meant that it seems like it would be likely to link off-site</p>",
        "id": 210526315,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600439324
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"232545\">Joshua Nelson</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bdesign.20meeting.5D.202020-09-18.20--.20MCP.20Retrospective/near/210526191\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>right, I'm talking about that too</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>ok, I was trying to focus on: concerns that are raised before FCP has completed</p>",
        "id": 210526318,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600439326
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway we'd also have to answer \"who can leave a concern\"</p>",
        "id": 210526370,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600439345
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>gotcha, sorry, will hold off on my comments then</p>",
        "id": 210526371,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1600439345
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think the more interesting bit is that for rfcbot, concerns can <em>only</em> be registered by the people ticking checkboxes, and those people are usually a small group</p>",
        "id": 210526376,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1600439346
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(and have regular meetings etc)</p>",
        "id": 210526400,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1600439359
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so resolving those concerns can happen by talking it over, or similar</p>",
        "id": 210526428,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1600439372
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and they themselves are the only ones who can resolve their concern</p>",
        "id": 210526437,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600439375
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes. I feel like compiler team + contributors might be a decent group but I do feel like we often have a bit of a blurrier boundary</p>",
        "id": 210526459,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600439382
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think in this case, we would <em>not</em> be able to do that</p>",
        "id": 210526467,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600439386
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bdesign.20meeting.5D.202020-09-18.20--.20MCP.20Retrospective/near/210526437\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>and they themselves are the only ones who can resolve their concern</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>(this drives me crazy btw I think we should fix this, though of course the idea would be that you don't abuse it)</p>",
        "id": 210526562,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600439406
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>whereas here -- at least historically -- most concerns that I've hesitated to just \"resolve\" are raised by folks not on the compiler team</p>",
        "id": 210526567,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1600439408
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>in that I don't think we can afford to both allow feedback from arbitrary contributors while also <em>blocking</em> on the same contributor hitting resolve</p>",
        "id": 210526615,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600439427
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>this is partly why I was thinking that -- hmm -- it'd be maybe kind of useful to have a smaller set of folks that try to resolve conflicts one way or the other</p>",
        "id": 210526655,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600439438
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The obvious answer to is to let a separate group resolve it</p>",
        "id": 210526663,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600439446
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the main problem with that is just whether that group <strong>understands</strong> the concern as described</p>",
        "id": 210526687,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600439458
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(which is the main reason why one would choose to let resolution lie in the hands of the person who posted the concern in the first place, from what I can tell)</p>",
        "id": 210526741,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600439480
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm a bit worried because I think this role would be potentially time-consuming, but I also think it could be really great for us</p>",
        "id": 210526748,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600439486
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>probably it's too big an idea to float in this retro meeting :) it keeps coming to mind for me though. Like also around questions of setting our roadmaps and agendas. It may be that it has to wait until we achieve more paid folks working on rustc.</p>",
        "id": 210526894,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600439547
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I personally think in order for it to work well, we need a sync \"resolution committee\" meeting</p>",
        "id": 210526899,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1600439551
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we would also need to be very clear, when resolving concerns, about whether we are hitting \"resolved\" because of changes that did address the concern, versus whether we are hitting \"resolved\" because we do not believe the concern is worth blocking the MCP</p>",
        "id": 210526920,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600439562
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yes, [sync meeting] is kind of what I am saying, I guess you could have a narrowed TSC role in any  case, that is focused just on understanding and resolving concerns</p>",
        "id": 210526943,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600439571
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I would imagine that in resolving a concern you would kind of restate the concern and state why it's been resolved</p>",
        "id": 210527008,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600439601
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and of course folks can raise a fresh concern if they feel you missed something</p>",
        "id": 210527026,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600439611
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and you can resolve it if you disagree :)</p>",
        "id": 210527057,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600439624
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>/me starts pondering DOS attacks on the MCP system :)</p>",
        "id": 210527088,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600439638
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess that's part of the issue is feeling like you need to be able to cover the entire surface area of Rust</p>",
        "id": 210527250,
        "sender_full_name": "oliver",
        "timestamp": 1600439700
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I feel like such a committee with a sync meeting might also help with \"Garbage collecting\" stale MCPs or closing ideas too</p>",
        "id": 210527255,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600439701
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, it will definitely be true that sometimes there are really detailed concerns that are outside the depth</p>",
        "id": 210527296,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600439723
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I imagine those are not the biggest issue..? maybe it'd be good to get a sense for what sorts of concerns people are most concerned about</p>",
        "id": 210527342,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600439754
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but at the point we have to trust the TSC to be able to recognize that they are out of their depth, and ask questions?</p>",
        "id": 210527358,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600439762
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>hm, I am not sure that I see that as a problem</p>",
        "id": 210527411,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1600439770
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah, I'm not so worried about it. I feel like those \"in depth\" concerns are rarely rancorous</p>",
        "id": 210527423,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600439777
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>How many MCPs on their face-value it's clear whether or not they are suitable for adoption?</p>",
        "id": 210527499,
        "sender_full_name": "oliver",
        "timestamp": 1600439827
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116122\">simulacrum</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bdesign.20meeting.5D.202020-09-18.20--.20MCP.20Retrospective/near/210527411\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>hm, I am not sure that I see that as a problem</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>can you elaborate what you <em>do</em> see as a problem, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116122\">@simulacrum</span> ?</p>",
        "id": 210527512,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600439837
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't see us having a TSC or similar for a while yet, as you say, I feel like we just don't have bandwidth for that work</p>",
        "id": 210527562,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1600439864
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well in the absence of a TSC, what do we do?</p>",
        "id": 210527642,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600439889
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(the term TSC is probably also too broad, since I was imagining a narrower scope, but basically people who are shepherding along rustc's overall architecture)</p>",
        "id": 210527652,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600439897
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm not saying I have an alternative</p>",
        "id": 210527663,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1600439902
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>try to close MCP's during weekly meeting?</p>",
        "id": 210527668,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600439907
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(not e.g. rust as a product, which is something else I think about from time to time :)</p>",
        "id": 210527681,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600439915
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or sorry,w we're already auto-closing</p>",
        "id": 210527692,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600439920
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I meant \"try to resolve concerns during weekly meeting.\" (not bloody likely)</p>",
        "id": 210527714,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600439933
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm just saying that -- from what I can see -- no compiler team (/contributor) member has bandwidth to participate in this meeting</p>",
        "id": 210527720,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1600439935
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, I don't disagree. At least, not at this time.</p>",
        "id": 210527754,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600439949
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe an alternative is to just empower any compiler team contributor or member to \"veto\" a concern or MCP</p>",
        "id": 210527897,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1600440009
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>in the absence of a TSC, should we still impleent a concern-registering bot ?</p>",
        "id": 210527910,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600440013
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116122\">simulacrum</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bdesign.20meeting.5D.202020-09-18.20--.20MCP.20Retrospective/near/210527897\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>maybe an alternative is to just empower any compiler team contributor or member to \"veto\" a concern or MCP</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I agree with this concept, or have a very early vote of suitability based on like the title of the issue only or something</p>",
        "id": 210528000,
        "sender_full_name": "oliver",
        "timestamp": 1600440046
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I suspect I'd prefer the veto-power be kept in the hands of (full) team members</p>",
        "id": 210528057,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600440066
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>hmm so</p>",
        "id": 210528059,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600440067
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think I would like a \"second\" system that can also designate for closing</p>",
        "id": 210528098,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600440083
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I'd like this for rfcbot, too)</p>",
        "id": 210528136,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600440098
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i.e., rather than just insta-close</p>",
        "id": 210528149,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600440102
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'd feel better about writing <code>@rustbot close</code> and then it is closed a week later</p>",
        "id": 210528203,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600440122
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes, something like that perhaps...</p>",
        "id": 210528251,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1600440131
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think it feels better, for one thing, but I also think it's good to give people room to leave feedback</p>",
        "id": 210528256,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600440133
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>wait, \"rustbot close concern\", right?</p>",
        "id": 210528260,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600440135
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I suspect it will very rarely be reversed</p>",
        "id": 210528278,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600440141
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think we're kind of mixing two things</p>",
        "id": 210528314,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600440154
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>veto or close -- we don't really have a clear time when this is appropriate today!</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 210528333,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600440163
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>a \"not-inline-with-current-objectives\" tag?</p>",
        "id": 210528345,
        "sender_full_name": "oliver",
        "timestamp": 1600440167
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>raising a concern -- we don't formally record those</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 210528355,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600440169
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>like, we say that any team member can \"second\" a MCP</p>",
        "id": 210528382,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600440187
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but we didn't say (I don't recall) who can <em>close</em> one</p>",
        "id": 210528392,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600440193
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and marking concerns as resolved is a third bullet, yes?</p>",
        "id": 210528406,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600440197
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and how much consensus they need to do so</p>",
        "id": 210528408,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600440199
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes, that's right. I do think having anyone be able to raise and resolve a concern would be fine</p>",
        "id": 210528456,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600440220
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or are you lumping \"resolving/vetoing concerns\" in with your \"veto or close\" bullet?</p>",
        "id": 210528481,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600440232
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and we expect people to be respectful and not resolve other people's concerns if they don't understand them</p>",
        "id": 210528487,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600440235
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I can even imagine something like:</p>",
        "id": 210528572,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600440252
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>somebody raises a concern and says \"I don't know a lot about the trait system, but this worries me; <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> or <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116118\">@Matthew Jasper</span> can you weigh in?\"</p>",
        "id": 210528613,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600440270
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>something like that :)</p>",
        "id": 210528616,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600440272
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I would find that helpful, since I am currently not able to keep up with most MCPs either ;)</p>",
        "id": 210528650,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600440287
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay. I do like this idea of reusing the \"second\" approach</p>",
        "id": 210528757,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600440331
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>where instead of instantly changing the state of the system</p>",
        "id": 210528767,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600440339
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>its more that it's on some trajectory, and each \"second\"-like command nudges it in a direction</p>",
        "id": 210528817,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600440360
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I do have some vague worry that we've evolved a parallel \"similar but different\" rfcbot system</p>",
        "id": 210528903,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600440378
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>( the truth is I think rfcbot should be replaced with a second system, though )</p>",
        "id": 210528928,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600440390
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>right, I see this as an evolution</p>",
        "id": 210528973,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600440403
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ultron style</p>",
        "id": 210528993,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600440411
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, though I think rfcbot's system is necessary -- e.g., I wouldn't want a seconding system for core team decisions :)</p>",
        "id": 210529034,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1600440431
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but let's lay it out. it sounds like we had:</p>",
        "id": 210529036,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600440431
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116122\">simulacrum</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bdesign.20meeting.5D.202020-09-18.20--.20MCP.20Retrospective/near/210529034\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Yeah, though I think rfcbot's system is necessary -- e.g., I wouldn't want a seconding system for core team decisions :)</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>yeah it's complex. sometimes I want checkboxes. but a lot of things want seconds. it'd be nice to unify them somewhat into one conceptual thing, but that's for another day</p>",
        "id": 210529118,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600440468
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bdesign.20meeting.5D.202020-09-18.20--.20MCP.20Retrospective/near/210529036\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>but let's lay it out. it sounds like we had:</p>\n</blockquote>\n<ul>\n<li>rustbot second -- marks this for approval after time elapses</li>\n<li>rustbot close -- marks this for close after time elapses, unless a contributor leaves a comment</li>\n<li>rustbot keepalive -- cancels a close</li>\n<li>rustbot concern foo -- raises a concern, any team member/contributor can do it?  (or anyone?)</li>\n<li>rustbot resolve foo -- resolves a concern, any team member/contributor can do it</li>\n<li>if an issue goes N weeks without activity (on the github thread), there is an automatic rustbot close</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 210529314,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600440545
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I maybe added a bit of extra stuff there :)</p>",
        "id": 210529332,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600440554
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but it seemed like what you'd need to make the system coherent and cover the full lifecycle</p>",
        "id": 210529424,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600440596
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I imagine that each of those comments would also post into the zulip thread, and maybe you can originate them from zulip too and it cross-posts</p>",
        "id": 210529507,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600440614
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that's bot magic and it's beyond me :P</p>",
        "id": 210529538,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600440624
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>seems easy-ish to do either</p>",
        "id": 210529586,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1600440642
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>this may be bleeding into the next agenda item, but: Is your thinking that this same system would be used for tracking concerns <em>post-acceptance</em> ?</p>",
        "id": 210529726,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600440690
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oops, we're 52 minutes in</p>",
        "id": 210529892,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600440740
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess let's turn to that last item :)</p>",
        "id": 210529921,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600440750
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>in answer to your question, I was not thinking that</p>",
        "id": 210529940,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600440760
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so -- one question -- should I spend time implementing that system in rustbot perhaps?</p>",
        "id": 210529993,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1600440779
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I was imagining that we would discourage folks from raising concerns post MCP officially, unless they felt those concerns were particularly important</p>",
        "id": 210530021,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600440790
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>hmm.</p>",
        "id": 210530081,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600440812
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116122\">simulacrum</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bdesign.20meeting.5D.202020-09-18.20--.20MCP.20Retrospective/near/210529993\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>so -- one question -- should I spend time implementing that system in rustbot perhaps?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I'd be in favor, we could describe it in an MCP as I mentioned earlier, just to flesh it out and have some wider exposure</p>",
        "id": 210530152,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600440840
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I can't imagine people objecting in particular</p>",
        "id": 210530198,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600440845
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but there might be some improvements or other thoughts</p>",
        "id": 210530219,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600440852
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay, let's wait for an MCP and I might take a stab at some parts in the meantime</p>",
        "id": 210530296,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1600440890
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bdesign.20meeting.5D.202020-09-18.20--.20MCP.20Retrospective/near/210530021\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I was imagining that we would discourage folks from raising concerns post MCP officially, unless they felt those concerns were particularly important</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I wish I could elaborate better on what is \"particularly\" important</p>",
        "id": 210530307,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600440897
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>cc <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"232545\">@Joshua Nelson</span>  :)</p>",
        "id": 210530322,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600440901
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>though I guess maybe we should discuss this in another time, as the meeting is basically over</p>",
        "id": 210530364,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600440915
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think it basically means -- don't bikeshed after MCP. At least to me.</p>",
        "id": 210530374,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1600440918
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah, that's what I think too</p>",
        "id": 210530387,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600440924
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>like if it's about user-visible functionality, performance, etc, that's one thing</p>",
        "id": 210530429,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600440937
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>though in some cases there may be room there too to be like \"we thought about this and decided to do it\"</p>",
        "id": 210530457,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600440947
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't think this is bikeshedding really</p>",
        "id": 210530485,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1600440957
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it comes down I guess to whether this is a <strong>new concern</strong> or just an <strong>old concern from new people</strong>?</p>",
        "id": 210530492,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600440959
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it's someone who didn't <em>see</em> the MCP</p>",
        "id": 210530507,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1600440963
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so that's an issue then</p>",
        "id": 210530569,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600440971
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if we aren't advertising the MCP's that are in FCP</p>",
        "id": 210530604,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600440982
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well enough</p>",
        "id": 210530615,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600440985
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it can also happen because folks are on vacation or whatever, certainly</p>",
        "id": 210530664,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600440999
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess it needs to be broadcasted more heavily outside of compiler-team meetings?</p>",
        "id": 210530674,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600441001
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(does TWIR currently cover them?)</p>",
        "id": 210530714,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600441015
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I forget, I remember mentioning it to <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"225192\">@Nell Shamrell-Harrington</span> at some point, but I think that no matter what some stuff will always be missed by people.</p>",
        "id": 210530758,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600441034
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>no, it only shows FCPs and RFC it looks like</p>",
        "id": 210530796,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1600441052
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(e.g. <a href=\"https://this-week-in-rust.org/blog/2020/09/16/this-week-in-rust-356/\">https://this-week-in-rust.org/blog/2020/09/16/this-week-in-rust-356/</a>)</p>",
        "id": 210530817,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1600441062
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>technically these are in \"fcp\"-- the write github query ought to find them...</p>",
        "id": 210530854,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600441075
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>In some sense part of me wants to say that since MCPs are specifically intended to be lightweight an reversible...</p>",
        "id": 210530873,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1600441082
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bdesign.20meeting.5D.202020-09-18.20--.20MCP.20Retrospective/near/210530758\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I forget, I remember mentioning it to <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"225192\">Nell Shamrell-Harrington</span> at some point, but I think that no matter what some stuff will always be missed by people.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>yes, we probably cannot possibly catch all cases. but it soundslike we can do better.</p>",
        "id": 210530915,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600441087
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>At least with some of the recent changes to <code>./x.py</code> and the repo layout, there's a pretty large pool of semi-frequent contributors that had the rug pulled out from under them so to speak :) </p>\n<p>I doubt many of them watch the compiler-team repo.</p>",
        "id": 210530930,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1600441094
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I do wonder if those changes <em>wanted</em> a full RFC</p>",
        "id": 210530982,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1600441117
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116122\">simulacrum</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bdesign.20meeting.5D.202020-09-18.20--.20MCP.20Retrospective/near/210530873\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>In some sense part of me wants to say that since MCPs are specifically intended to be lightweight an reversible...</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>well it depends if one thinks the directory rename was \"lightweight and reversible\"</p>",
        "id": 210530988,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600441120
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I was just wondering that</p>",
        "id": 210531000,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600441123
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe that's the lesson</p>",
        "id": 210531009,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600441125
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>those changes were <em>too</em> big</p>",
        "id": 210531018,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600441129
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>hmm</p>",
        "id": 210531026,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600441132
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>like, a directory rename feels \"light\" because it doesn't touch code</p>",
        "id": 210531045,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1600441143
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or maybe it's just \"ok\"</p>",
        "id": 210531046,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600441144
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess I've been kind of absent and I don't know how upset folks were</p>",
        "id": 210531091,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600441158
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>pretty upset :/</p>",
        "id": 210531109,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1600441165
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>there is also the option of IntoRust blog posts</p>",
        "id": 210531110,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600441165
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I saw one for the x.py changes?)</p>",
        "id": 210531129,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600441172
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>like I think <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"123856\">Vadim Petrochenkov</span> is still pretty unhappy with the x.py changes</p>",
        "id": 210531147,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1600441179
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess the two cases are distinct, too</p>",
        "id": 210531179,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600441196
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>x.py feels \"more\" substantial to me than libstd =&gt; library</p>",
        "id": 210531238,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600441208
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Honestly, I would say \"no\". <code>./x.py</code> and repo layout concerns don't affect anyone other than contributors to <code>rust-lang/rust</code>. I don't think we need to ask the wider rust community for comments (which is often what happens to easily bikeshed-able RFCs).</p>",
        "id": 210531259,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1600441217
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah, that's a concern. I used to be super pro RFC but I've started to think it's really good to think about the <em>audience</em></p>",
        "id": 210531305,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600441238
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that said, we could have done a <code>rfcbot fcp merge</code> to get checkboxes</p>",
        "id": 210531323,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600441248
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>But it does seem like we might have wanted to do a full FCP for those MCPs</p>",
        "id": 210531340,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1600441255
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(Too many TLAs)</p>",
        "id": 210531353,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1600441260
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>is there a general rule we can elaborate ?</p>",
        "id": 210531376,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600441268
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I do wonder if ... there are conflicting veto/second notes, we move to full FCP immediately no questions asked</p>",
        "id": 210531397,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1600441281
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>what makes those different from other changes?</p>",
        "id": 210531402,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600441282
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ooh, that's an interesting thought</p>",
        "id": 210531422,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600441290
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it seems pretty clear on both these changes that there <em>would</em> have been, had we had that process</p>",
        "id": 210531462,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1600441307
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(given enough time/awareness at least)</p>",
        "id": 210531488,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1600441318
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I sort of like it, except that I think it's a bit of disincentive</p>",
        "id": 210531544,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600441326
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I would have been fine waiting longer/addressing more comments for the x.py changes, rather than having people upset about it after the fact</p>",
        "id": 210531587,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1600441343
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>what does it deincentivize?</p>",
        "id": 210531603,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600441347
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>in the sense that it discourages  voting because you're the cause of the \"big process\"?</p>",
        "id": 210531622,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1600441355
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it feels really discouraging after the fact, like the changes were bad :/</p>",
        "id": 210531634,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1600441361
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway -- we're over time</p>",
        "id": 210531907,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1600441474
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>let's call the meeting here?</p>",
        "id": 210531922,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1600441478
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>While I'm not sure the current state is the best possible one, I believe it's better than the old one and for me that makes the changes good! In general, we don't seem to have a philosophy of perfection but we do want everything to be moving in a positive direction.</p>",
        "id": 210531952,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1600441496
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>\"worse is better\" strikes again</p>",
        "id": 210532011,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600441522
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(Sorry, got called away!)</p>",
        "id": 210532017,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600441527
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I agree with calling the meeting -- just to clarify my comment, I was afraid people might avoid registering \"purely technical\" concerns because it would move to a full fcp</p>",
        "id": 210532047,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600441547
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>which is a kind of overhead</p>",
        "id": 210532065,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600441553
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>hm, well, we could do \"second and veto after a week\"</p>",
        "id": 210532152,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1600441570
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so like, if it's purely technical, probably the person seconding just withdraws it for now</p>",
        "id": 210532173,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1600441581
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and you do still have the concern resolution process</p>",
        "id": 210532188,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1600441595
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't understand :) but I'm definitely in favor of something here...</p>",
        "id": 210532237,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600441629
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>also yeah :) just to summarize, we focused on the negatives, but the question of 'were MCPs good\" seemed pretty clear:</p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th>Rate</th>\n<th>Meaning</th>\n<th>Count</th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>1</td>\n<td>Bad for the team</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>2</td>\n<td></td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>3</td>\n<td></td>\n<td><code>x</code></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>4</td>\n<td></td>\n<td><code>xxx</code></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>5</td>\n<td>Good for the team</td>\n<td><code>xxxxx</code></td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>",
        "id": 210532311,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600441667
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I mean that instead of immediately going to checkboxes, we wait a bit</p>",
        "id": 210532435,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1600441698
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and if neither party budges, then we do checkboxes</p>",
        "id": 210532457,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1600441709
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So in principle, if the person vetoing has found some \"major problem\" then the person seconding says \"oh, hm, maybe not\" and withdraws</p>",
        "id": 210532553,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1600441760
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Okay I gotta go, thanks to everyone in <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"897\">@T-compiler/meeting</span>  for participating!</p>",
        "id": 210533098,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1600441967
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116122\">simulacrum</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bdesign.20meeting.5D.202020-09-18.20--.20MCP.20Retrospective/near/210531397\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I do wonder if ... there are conflicting veto/second notes, we move to full FCP immediately no questions asked</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>so I realize that you wrote about \"rustbot close\" vs \"rustbot second\" -- I thought you were referring to \"any time a concern is raised\"</p>",
        "id": 210533158,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600441995
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(yeah, I gotta go too, but I was responding to a misunderstanding of what <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116122\">@simulacrum</span> wrote I think)</p>",
        "id": 210533203,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600442014
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>no, I think concerns just delay second having some effect</p>",
        "id": 210533214,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1600442020
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>FYI I just finished the notes for this meeting</p>",
        "id": 210534577,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1600442486
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(PR posted <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/pull/361\">https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/pull/361</a>)</p>",
        "id": 210535106,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1600442701
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Something I didn't consider before, we currently don't really know if an MCP is already implemented or not.</p>\n<p>It might be nice to somehow keep track of this. Maybe using a label <code>MCP-accepted</code> and only closing the MCP once it is implemented instead of closing it once it is accepted <span aria-label=\"thinking\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f914\" role=\"img\" title=\"thinking\">:thinking:</span> </p>\n<p>(noticed in <a href=\"#narrow/stream/245100-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization.2Falerts/topic/I-prioritize.20.2376432.20Incorrect.20MIR.20optimizations.20at.20level.203.3A.E2.80.A6/near/210547076\">https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/245100-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization.2Falerts/topic/I-prioritize.20.2376432.20Incorrect.20MIR.20optimizations.20at.20level.203.3A.E2.80.A6/near/210547076</a>)</p>",
        "id": 210547669,
        "sender_full_name": "lcnr",
        "timestamp": 1600448424
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"232545\">Joshua Nelson</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bdesign.20meeting.5D.202020-09-18.20--.20MCP.20Retrospective/near/210531634\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>it feels really discouraging after the fact, like the changes were bad <span aria-label=\"confused\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f615\" role=\"img\" title=\"confused\">:confused:</span></p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I'm a bit late, but this is exactly how I felt with the directory renaming PRs as well. And I strongly echo the \"where were you when we did the MCP\" sentiment. And this was despite many rounds ping people, nominating PRs, FCPs, MCPs, and asking/waiting for feedback. We actually did have a big bikeshedding session on the <code>library/</code> PR to the point that we had to just make decision and execute, but then when we did more people showed up who hadn't participated before and didn't like the changes. In the <code>compiler/</code> PR, we tried to streamline this, but we got even less feedback and even more people who didn't like the changes but didn't comment on the MCP...</p>",
        "id": 210596108,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1600488138
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I  think my insight from this experience is that the MCP system as it currently exists doesn't seem like a good mechanism for approaching bikeshed-prone topics. I don't know what a better alternative is, though.</p>",
        "id": 210596154,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1600488225
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Elevate a MCProposal to a MCAnnouncement earlier in the process before literally writing the changes to master?</p>",
        "id": 210628961,
        "sender_full_name": "oliver",
        "timestamp": 1600540821
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Thanks <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"198054\">@mark-i-m</span> and <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"232545\">@Joshua Nelson</span>, sorry that process was unpleasant for y'all. It seems clear that at minimum contentious topics should have a full FCP sign-off... I also did see a suggestion about maybe identify a \"goal to form a group that makes a decision\"</p>",
        "id": 210736869,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600693177
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I kind of like that</p>",
        "id": 210736872,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600693180
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>like 2 or 3 people that work it out and the rest of us just agree to go with it</p>",
        "id": 210736889,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600693190
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bdesign.20meeting.5D.202020-09-18.20--.20MCP.20Retrospective/near/210736889\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>like 2 or 3 people that work it out and the rest of us just agree to go with it</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I don't really see this working :/</p>",
        "id": 210737002,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1600693226
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>someone will always object to the changes, saying there's no forum for the objections doesn't really help</p>",
        "id": 210737041,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1600693246
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>a full FCP doesn't sound too bad</p>",
        "id": 210737123,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1600693282
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>what I mean is</p>",
        "id": 210737180,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600693314
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the FCP might be to form the group..well, nm</p>",
        "id": 210737243,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600693327
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway yeah I guess an FCP might be best</p>",
        "id": 210737256,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600693333
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>at least then the full compiler team has signed off</p>",
        "id": 210737269,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1600693341
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'd be happy with '2 or 3 people work out a first draft', but I'm not sure how much benefit that gets over the current process</p>",
        "id": 210737386,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1600693395
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think finding 2-3 people that are representative of the different disagreeing parties would be helpful -- it would reduce the bikeshedding. I'm just not sure how to do that.</p>",
        "id": 210743202,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1600696147
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I feel that a full FCP is needed to approve the final PR with no further changes, but it doesn't work well for agreeing on that final state.</p>",
        "id": 210743440,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1600696253
    }
]