[
    {
        "content": "<p>Hi <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"897\">@T-compiler/meeting</span>! Design meeting for <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/288\">compiler-team#288</a> is set to begin soon.</p>\n<ul>\n<li><strong>Topic:</strong> Areas of the compiler</li>\n<li><strong>Summary:</strong> The idea is to clearly define the areas of the compiler and its leads so we can organize our structure a bit better.</li>\n</ul>\n<p>let's start out with some...</p>\n<h1>Announcements</h1>",
        "id": 202093446,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593179910
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Quiet today :)</p>",
        "id": 202094226,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593180225
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe its a sign that the Thursday meetings are going better</p>",
        "id": 202094432,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593180312
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Heh, no last minute scrambling?</p>",
        "id": 202094448,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593180320
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Well, I guess we can get started.</p>",
        "id": 202094495,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593180348
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess to start I'd just say that the motivation here is to try to reflect some of the more \"latent\" structure of the code base in our organization, maybe a sort of \"expert map 2.0\",</p>",
        "id": 202094652,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593180417
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but hopefully in a minimal way that doesn't imply a lot of extra work or overhead (although I think some variants can get more ambitious)</p>",
        "id": 202094708,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593180440
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think it will also help the Prioritization WG cc the right people for high priority issues.</p>",
        "id": 202094749,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1593180455
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and I guess I would kind of want to raise up -- although it wasn't part of original proposal -- <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"123856\">@Vadim Petrochenkov</span>'s <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/highfive/pull/266\">fine-grained reviewing PR</a></p>",
        "id": 202094788,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593180474
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>as being in a similar vein</p>",
        "id": 202094816,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593180482
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Are areas ever meant to reflect cross cutting concerns? Or is that explicitly not a goal?</p>",
        "id": 202094841,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593180483
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm thinking specifically of something like parallel compilation</p>",
        "id": 202094879,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593180498
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I would say that is not a goal</p>",
        "id": 202094883,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593180500
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Well</p>",
        "id": 202094888,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593180503
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm not sure :)</p>",
        "id": 202094893,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593180506
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess let me say what we were thinking first</p>",
        "id": 202094900,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593180510
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and then we can discuss that</p>",
        "id": 202094903,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593180512
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay</p>",
        "id": 202094908,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593180515
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I think this question of terminology also interacts with some of the recent discussions in <a class=\"stream\" data-stream-id=\"223182\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance\">#wg-governance</a>...)</p>",
        "id": 202095001,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593180560
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but basically the ide is that we can create some defined areas of the compiler --</p>",
        "id": 202095013,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593180573
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think my go-to example wouldl be things like \"type checking and trait solving\", \"parser and macro expansion, \"borrow checking\"</p>",
        "id": 202095041,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593180593
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bdesign.20meeting.5D.20areas.20of.20the.20compiler.20compiler-team.23288/near/202095001\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>(I think this question of terminology also interacts with some of the recent discussions in <a class=\"stream\" data-stream-id=\"223182\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance\">#wg-governance</a>...)</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>i assume this is referring more specifically to <a class=\"stream-topic\" data-stream-id=\"223182\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/on.20working.20groups.20and.20teams\">#wg-governance &gt; on working groups and teams</a></p>",
        "id": 202095115,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593180613
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I think that something like parallel compilation or query system, which is \"sort of\" cross-cutting, could be viable?</p>",
        "id": 202095128,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593180618
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh yes, I suppose the \"plumbing\" area might be cross cutting</p>",
        "id": 202095156,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593180636
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah, specifically I was proposing that we just reserve the \"project group\" terminology for things with a fxied task, and use \"subteams\" for indefinite things</p>",
        "id": 202095168,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593180647
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so these would be more subteams</p>",
        "id": 202095172,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593180650
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>some of the subareas within \"plumbing\" have their own dedicated crates, but still, the query system seems quite cross-cutting</p>",
        "id": 202095185,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593180658
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>in any case the idea would be that for each of these subteams, we have a zulip stream, and we do try to kind of track membership, but I think the amount of \"activity and organization\" in the subteam would vary</p>",
        "id": 202095247,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593180686
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think that we have some latent examples of this</p>",
        "id": 202095270,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593180696
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm thinking of <a class=\"stream\" data-stream-id=\"189540\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/189540-t-compiler.2Fwg-mir-opt\">#t-compiler/wg-mir-opt</a> and <a class=\"stream\" data-stream-id=\"187780\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/187780-t-compiler.2Fwg-llvm\">#t-compiler/wg-llvm</a></p>",
        "id": 202095289,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593180707
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but also what <a class=\"stream\" data-stream-id=\"122657\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/122657-t-compiler.2Fwg-nll\">#t-compiler/wg-nll</a>  is becoming</p>",
        "id": 202095306,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593180717
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a class=\"stream\" data-stream-id=\"147480\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/147480-t-compiler.2Fwg-diagnostics\">#t-compiler/wg-diagnostics</a> too</p>",
        "id": 202095389,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1593180735
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I feel like mir-opt is a good example of the power of calling out an area, and perhaps what a \"more organized\" such area might look like</p>",
        "id": 202095428,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593180754
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I think it's also ok for it to be like llvm, just a place for people to hang out and answer questions, and maybe have an opinion when an opinion is needed :)</p>",
        "id": 202095471,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593180781
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>though I think also llvm group does pursue upgrades etc</p>",
        "id": 202095512,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593180802
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>perhaps more as individuals, but anyway</p>",
        "id": 202095530,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593180811
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess one other thing is that I htink we have to try to keep the set of \"areas\" kind of manageable</p>",
        "id": 202095572,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593180836
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it's tempting to create the perfect taxonomy but I think that's a rat's nest...</p>",
        "id": 202095634,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593180851
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the more that it can correspond to crate structure, the better</p>",
        "id": 202095671,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593180871
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I know we can't get that 100%</p>",
        "id": 202095682,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593180880
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes, in the fullness of time, I would love it if it corresponded actually very closely with crate structure</p>",
        "id": 202095692,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593180886
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I would add <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span> in terms of \"cross-cutting\", I think that it might make sense to include things like \"windows\" and \"ARM\" groups in this list eventually</p>",
        "id": 202095911,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593180988
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so what about the current \"area\" labels we have on github?</p>",
        "id": 202095975,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593181023
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>will we keep those in sync with these areas?</p>",
        "id": 202096006,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593181040
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah,  a good question</p>",
        "id": 202096008,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593181040
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm debating</p>",
        "id": 202096019,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593181047
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah I think we should keep those in sync</p>",
        "id": 202096025,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1593181052
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>many of those are chosen based on <em>language features</em></p>",
        "id": 202096049,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593181066
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I would definitely say that each A-foo label should be the domain of one of these subteams</p>",
        "id": 202096054,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593181068
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>not compiler structure</p>",
        "id": 202096058,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593181070
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and maybe it's useful to not use the area terminology for both</p>",
        "id": 202096119,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593181085
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i.e., maybe it's better to just think of them as \"compiler subteams\"</p>",
        "id": 202096133,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593181091
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>right</p>",
        "id": 202096161,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1593181101
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess I do think that the finer grained A-foo labels are useful and I'm not sure I'd want to like mass-remove that data in favor of something coarser-grained</p>",
        "id": 202096186,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593181115
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but we don't want to use the word \"experts\", like we did in past</p>",
        "id": 202096190,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593181117
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>because that implies a barrier to entry</p>",
        "id": 202096211,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593181125
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>into a \"subteam\"</p>",
        "id": 202096215,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593181129
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that we do not want</p>",
        "id": 202096219,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593181131
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>right?</p>",
        "id": 202096223,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593181132
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah, I don't love experts, I want it to be more lke \"interested\" :)</p>",
        "id": 202096228,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593181134
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I do think we could have leads/members imply some level of knowledge</p>",
        "id": 202096259,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593181145
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>\"enthusiasts\"</p>",
        "id": 202096271,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593181149
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah I sort of think like you want leaders, members and interested people</p>",
        "id": 202096335,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1593181183
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and I could imagine also connecting this to <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"123856\">Vadim Petrochenkov</span>'s idea -- i.e., maybe we can categorize PRs within these subteams and drive reviewing from that? or at least ping the relevant folks? not sure. that's maybe a step worth discussing later, or maybe it's good to discuss at the same time.</p>",
        "id": 202096381,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593181202
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>unfortunately \"E-\" is already taken as a prefix on github. But \"Z-\" is available; clearly the word should be \"zealots\" <span aria-label=\"joking\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f61c\" role=\"img\" title=\"joking\">:joking:</span></p>",
        "id": 202096460,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593181221
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>what I wrote before about leads:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Leading an area should not be a large commitment. It mostly means that you are aware of what’s going on and can help figure out the right person to answer a question. At minimum, it means you should be generally monitoring the corresponding Zulip stream(s).</p>\n</blockquote>",
        "id": 202096493,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593181233
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span> you're imagining some label for each of these subteams?</p>",
        "id": 202096529,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593181263
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah</p>",
        "id": 202096540,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593181268
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Z actually does work for \"Zulip stream\"</p>",
        "id": 202096559,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593181281
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>T-compiler-diagnostics ? :)</p>",
        "id": 202096592,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593181302
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I suppose that would be fine</p>",
        "id": 202096612,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593181317
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess a bot could go and ensure that every T-compiler-diagnostics issue also has T-compiler etc</p>",
        "id": 202096614,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593181317
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ideally, tagging with A-foo would put those labels on</p>",
        "id": 202096664,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593181327
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bdesign.20meeting.5D.20areas.20of.20the.20compiler.20compiler-team.23288/near/202096335\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>yeah I sort of think like you want leaders, members and interested people</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I guess the distinction between members and interested people may or may not be important, maybe we want members = possible mentors, interested people = mentored people or something like that</p>",
        "id": 202096671,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1593181329
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah I'm of two minds on it. I do think it seems useful but I worry about things being too dang complicated. But I think we should define what we want membership to mean.</p>",
        "id": 202096721,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593181357
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It might start with \"no members\"</p>",
        "id": 202096723,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593181360
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so that we can decide later what we think it means :)</p>",
        "id": 202096747,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593181378
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bdesign.20meeting.5D.20areas.20of.20the.20compiler.20compiler-team.23288/near/202096614\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I guess a bot could go and ensure that every T-compiler-diagnostics issue also has T-compiler etc</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Triagebot can do that as of today, but there is no idiomatic way of doing it, it would mean that you have to include a configuration for every subteam. What I could do is throw an implementation PR to allow the use of glob patterns so that every issues that gets a <code>T-compiler-*</code> label also gets <code>T-compiler</code>. Doesn't seem too complicated to me.</p>",
        "id": 202096788,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1593181404
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i.e., let's just rebrand some of our existing structure as subteams, create some more to fill things out, and make labels for them.</p>",
        "id": 202096789,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593181404
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah if we would go with a light scheme, something to improve later maybe we should go with the very minimum and keep improving</p>",
        "id": 202096790,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1593181405
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and we would say that these subteams don't have members, people join compiler/contributors as a whole.</p>",
        "id": 202096843,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593181432
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>do we expect these subteams to go through e.g. rfcbot merge processes?</p>",
        "id": 202096927,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593181456
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I ask because I'm wondering whether we even need to distinguish mentors vs interested people</p>",
        "id": 202096969,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593181481
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think I do not. I've debated about it. I think it would be plausible at some point.</p>",
        "id": 202096980,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593181486
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I guess the idea is to document whom to ask</p>",
        "id": 202096992,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593181493
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm imagining a project like chalk</p>",
        "id": 202096996,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593181494
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if sufficiently well developed with a strong API boundary</p>",
        "id": 202097023,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593181505
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess I feel like it could at some point have its own sort of decision making --</p>",
        "id": 202097042,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593181514
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I don't know, RFCs hardly make sense in the <strong>compiler</strong> after all</p>",
        "id": 202097066,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593181528
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(though I guess you were asking about FCP, not RFC)</p>",
        "id": 202097083,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593181537
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>right, I meant more for PR's</p>",
        "id": 202097091,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593181541
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes, I forgot the \"fcp\" part</p>",
        "id": 202097125,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593181559
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah. I'm not sure! <span aria-label=\"shrug\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f937\" role=\"img\" title=\"shrug\">:shrug:</span></p>",
        "id": 202097227,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593181602
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>btw I would probably rebrand <a class=\"stream\" data-stream-id=\"227806\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization\">#t-compiler/wg-prioritization</a> as a subteam too</p>",
        "id": 202097329,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593181663
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>which is another reason to move away from \"area\" terminology</p>",
        "id": 202097341,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593181669
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ah</p>",
        "id": 202097351,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593181676
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>though that is one where members do make sense</p>",
        "id": 202097356,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593181678
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>indeed, at some point it seems like we'll probably want to go through all wg's and decide \"is this a subteam, or a project\"</p>",
        "id": 202097430,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593181703
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah. I feel like I did that at some point</p>",
        "id": 202097454,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593181718
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Now that I think about it</p>",
        "id": 202097455,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593181719
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I guess I didn't write it in the hackmd</p>",
        "id": 202097462,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593181722
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>things could have option of starting as a WG</p>",
        "id": 202097485,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593181730
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>where part of WG's goal</p>",
        "id": 202097490,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593181733
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think that the incremental compilation thing we've been talking about is more a subteam</p>",
        "id": 202097491,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593181733
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>is to determine \"are we a subteam, or a project?\"</p>",
        "id": 202097499,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593181739
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>my thought is more this</p>",
        "id": 202097513,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593181745
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>say you have a new idea -- like polonius</p>",
        "id": 202097526,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593181750
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(or chalk)</p>",
        "id": 202097541,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593181758
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>one thing I guess may be important in the members vs interested discussion is ... do we want to do something like highfive and assign issues to members of an area?</p>",
        "id": 202097554,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1593181763
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>you create a project group with the goal of \"bootstrapping and proving it out\"</p>",
        "id": 202097560,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593181767
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>like I'm trying to think about very specific needs</p>",
        "id": 202097566,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1593181772
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if it's a success, it becomes a part of some subteam (or a new one)</p>",
        "id": 202097574,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593181775
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bdesign.20meeting.5D.20areas.20of.20the.20compiler.20compiler-team.23288/near/202097566\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>like I'm trying to think about very specific needs</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>yes, thank you</p>",
        "id": 202097592,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593181783
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe you want to assign issues to members and ping interested people</p>",
        "id": 202097604,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1593181788
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I was going to say: I'd like to summarize and then drill into what concrete benefits we expect</p>",
        "id": 202097611,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593181792
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>interesting. so under your scheme, everything would start as a project group</p>",
        "id": 202097627,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593181800
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(more or less, but I think incremental kind of already did its project phase)</p>",
        "id": 202097695,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593181812
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(we just didn't call it that)</p>",
        "id": 202097711,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593181820
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(unless it is immediately obvious that it should be a subteam, for whatever reason, such as that of incremental.)</p>",
        "id": 202097729,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593181831
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>not to say we couldn't have a project group with a more targeted agenda -- e.g., end-to-end, or something like that</p>",
        "id": 202097748,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593181839
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay</p>",
        "id": 202097753,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593181842
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116266\">@Santiago Pastorino</span> maybe it'd be useful to list out the kinds of things we might want to do with these subteams, and I was going to ask <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"255061\">@LeSeulArtichaut</span> if they wanted to articulate why they thought it could be useful for prioritization</p>",
        "id": 202097834,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593181886
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so project groups would be, thinks that definitely behave like projects and have an end and things that behave like an area but are just starting as an experiment that we may or may not want to hold in the future</p>",
        "id": 202097843,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1593181895
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bdesign.20meeting.5D.20areas.20of.20the.20compiler.20compiler-team.23288/near/202097834\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> maybe it'd be useful to list out the kinds of things we might want to do with these subteams, and I was going to ask <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"255061\">LeSeulArtichaut</span> if they wanted to articulate why they thought it could be useful for prioritization</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>we could assing or ping github groups looking for people that want/can tackle issues related to the area they belong</p>",
        "id": 202097939,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1593181936
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bdesign.20meeting.5D.20areas.20of.20the.20compiler.20compiler-team.23288/near/202097834\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> maybe it'd be useful to list out the kinds of things we might want to do with these subteams, and I was going to ask <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"255061\">LeSeulArtichaut</span> if they wanted to articulate why they thought it could be useful for prioritization</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Currently in the Prioritization procedure, we want to assign people to high priority issues, like <code>P-critical</code> and <code>P-high</code> regressions. This means that the WG should be able to find the right assignee for a given problem, and this \"areas of the compilers\" seems like a good way to achieve this.</p>",
        "id": 202097990,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1593181969
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>But I think <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116266\">@Santiago Pastorino</span> is most likely to know what we need exactly for the Prioritization WG, as the leader of the group :D</p>",
        "id": 202098098,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1593182032
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>same could happen on Zulip, like we saying hey do someone from @some-area knows about this problem</p>",
        "id": 202098099,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1593182033
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"255061\">LeSeulArtichaut</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bdesign.20meeting.5D.20areas.20of.20the.20compiler.20compiler-team.23288/near/202098098\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>But I think <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> is most likely to know what we need exactly for the Prioritization WG, as the leader of the group :D</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>nah you know too and are probably able to explain better than me ;)</p>",
        "id": 202098219,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1593182078
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah. So if we had some notion of membership, ideally sync'd with zulip user groups... that woudl help.</p>",
        "id": 202098229,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593182082
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ps I started taking notes <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/jdF3GQCkQRaR7VsmkigFag?edit\">at the end of the hackmd</a></p>",
        "id": 202098255,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593182098
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>also what we are saying per se, I don't think is a reason to split</p>",
        "id": 202098259,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1593182100
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>because we may totally ping or ask the whole universe of members + interested people</p>",
        "id": 202098288,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1593182117
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we have traditionally been reluctant to let people add themselves as members until they've done some work</p>",
        "id": 202098296,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593182125
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>which is what led to the notification groups concept</p>",
        "id": 202098311,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593182131
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess another aspect is r+ access or some github permissions</p>",
        "id": 202098362,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1593182157
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that may be a reason to split</p>",
        "id": 202098420,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1593182169
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess that depends if this kind of access are granted based on being compiler team contributor or maybe we want to give some based on area membership</p>",
        "id": 202098476,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1593182213
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>like a member of traits area has commit access on chalk or stuff like that</p>",
        "id": 202098509,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1593182230
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>right so currently e.g. for project groups I do tend to align write access to repos with membership</p>",
        "id": 202098553,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593182248
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that's a good reason</p>",
        "id": 202098582,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593182266
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>though is part of goal</p>",
        "id": 202098650,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593182287
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that each subteam will have authority to grant write privileges?</p>",
        "id": 202098675,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593182299
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>vs having to get membership approved at higher level?</p>",
        "id": 202098694,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593182310
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It may make some sense to at least get sign-off from a T-compiler lead...</p>",
        "id": 202098738,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593182328
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(as much as I hate to add layers of bureaucracy...)</p>",
        "id": 202098790,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593182352
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well I guess it depends</p>",
        "id": 202098811,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1593182362
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm having some second thoughts about the framing of \"subteams\", unless we are shooting for more independent operation.</p>",
        "id": 202098818,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593182366
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>which I think maybe I was :)</p>",
        "id": 202098827,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593182373
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bdesign.20meeting.5D.20areas.20of.20the.20compiler.20compiler-team.23288/near/202098738\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>It may make some sense to at least get sign-off from a T-compiler lead...</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>maybe a member of an area knows way better about a specific crate of that area than a compiler member</p>",
        "id": 202098844,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1593182381
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I feel fairly comfortable with the idea of</p>",
        "id": 202098871,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593182397
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>e.g. <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"125250\">@Wesley Wiser</span> approving folks to review mir optimization PRs</p>",
        "id": 202098918,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593182403
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and we'll just trust that the write privileges are not otherwise abused, yes?</p>",
        "id": 202098977,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593182428
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>our current r+ privileges are always very broad, so far that's never been an issue</p>",
        "id": 202098995,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593182441
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>true</p>",
        "id": 202099007,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593182448
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess that having some notion of subteams like this could eventually give us a way to tweak that</p>",
        "id": 202099018,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593182453
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I'm not too worried about it tbh</p>",
        "id": 202099023,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593182457
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'd be worried more about people being <em>confused</em></p>",
        "id": 202099058,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593182476
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but given that we have a known problem of limited review bandwidth</p>",
        "id": 202099080,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593182490
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>while we don't just want to chuck reviews etc, it seems like finding ways to engage more people in reviewing is probalby a good thing overall?</p>",
        "id": 202099140,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593182522
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>something else I'm pondering is:</p>",
        "id": 202099177,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593182536
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe I was wrong to say that areas should sometimes be dormant?</p>",
        "id": 202099194,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593182550
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It feels like there's a lot of similar concepts \"teams\" vs \"working groups\" vs \"areas\" vs \"ping groups/notification groups\".</p>",
        "id": 202099211,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1593182555
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bdesign.20meeting.5D.20areas.20of.20the.20compiler.20compiler-team.23288/near/202099194\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>maybe I was wrong to say that areas should sometimes be dormant?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>as in, we should schedule regular, if infrequent, checkins with all areas?</p>",
        "id": 202099275,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593182586
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Is the area group going to replace any of these other organizational things or is it just in addition to those?</p>",
        "id": 202099292,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1593182594
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"125250\">@Wesley Wiser</span> I think part of idea is that WG's will go away</p>",
        "id": 202099315,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593182605
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>eventually</p>",
        "id": 202099320,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593182609
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I would say immediately</p>",
        "id": 202099340,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593182617
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>because they are too ambiguous in purpose</p>",
        "id": 202099346,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593182619
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>like, if we adopt this, we'd just rebrand</p>",
        "id": 202099352,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593182622
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and/or eliminate the dormant ones</p>",
        "id": 202099367,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593182627
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay, I wasn't sure if we knew the mapping of WG -&gt; { area/subteam, project } for all WG's</p>",
        "id": 202099440,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593182648
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ok, that's helpful. Thanks!</p>",
        "id": 202099455,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1593182656
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>reminder: ~ 15 minutes left</p>",
        "id": 202099505,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1593182684
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it kind of leaves us with</p>\n<ul>\n<li>teams -- indefinite, people focused around an area of the code or other general purpose</li>\n<li>project group -- specific, finite, people trying to accomplish a specific goal</li>\n<li>notification groups -- people who get pinged for specific tasks</li>\n</ul>\n<p>I think groups/teams have clear overlap :)</p>",
        "id": 202099526,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593182695
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Though I'm not 1000% sold on this as the right dividing line. The old line was \"team == decision maker\", \"working group == lightweight thing we create\", and I see some logic in that too, but it seems like it has led to confusion.</p>",
        "id": 202099603,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593182739
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think that project groups are valuable to distinguish in that it's a great way to get people involved, it's kind of a bootstrapping thing, but the same is true of active subteams like mir-opt or prioritization.</p>",
        "id": 202099754,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593182806
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so.. yeah. :)</p>",
        "id": 202099761,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593182809
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so I don't think anyone present has objected to the shift</p>",
        "id": 202099879,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593182880
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway, I guess the terminology is one thing, but the other is the idea of formalizing a bit the idea of teams/groups around areas of the compiler and trying to integrate them usefully into our processes.</p>",
        "id": 202099880,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593182881
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, we're just kind of left with some questions about membership and integration that I don't feel we have 100% decision on</p>",
        "id": 202099944,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593182902
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>Question: what does membership mean?<br>\n    * Should we even have members?<br>\n    * Do we expect to be making FCP-style decisions for these teams, where membership is highly relevant?</li>\n<li>Question: who decides to add new members?<br>\n    * and does that imply write access to things?</li>\n<li>Things we might want to do with these subteams<br>\n    * Ping groups looking for people that might want to check them out.<br>\n        * either on Zulip or Github<br>\n    * Find the right people to fix P-critical issues.<br>\n    * Find appropriate reviewers for a PR (e.g. <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/highfive/pull/266\">#266</a>)</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 202099965,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593182913
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>those are my notes from the hackmd</p>",
        "id": 202099969,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593182916
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I feel like there's a bit of a hierarchy there:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>notification groups<ul>\n<li>These are the most basic thing. We may want one for every <code>A-*</code> label or something. </li>\n<li>Anybody can sign up to join like today.</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>\n<p>with enough activity, notification groups can become a </p>\n<ul>\n<li>project group<ul>\n<li>members get r+ rights</li>\n<li>checkins at compiler team triage meeting</li>\n<li>other things?</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>\n<p>which could eventually become a top level</p>\n<ul>\n<li>team<ul>\n<li>broad decision making powers</li>\n<li>regularly scheduled team meetings</li>\n<li>etc</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 202099981,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1593182923
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't know if that's helpful...</p>",
        "id": 202100000,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1593182934
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>except that that leaves out some groups</p>",
        "id": 202100075,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593182979
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that we are not sure about \"regular meetings\"</p>",
        "id": 202100101,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593182995
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>like the LLVM-area/subteam</p>",
        "id": 202100162,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593183010
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Or perhaps you are saying that should instead be a notification group?</p>",
        "id": 202100183,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593183030
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Perhaps yeah</p>",
        "id": 202100197,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1593183041
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> what are your thoughts on that?</p>",
        "id": 202100227,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593183060
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Maybe also different groups have different needs. A way out of the questions about membership is to define \"concepts\" like \"member\" or \"enthusiast\" and groups pick from these concepts. That's probably  kind of a naive thought <span aria-label=\"confused\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f615\" role=\"img\" title=\"confused\">:confused:</span></p>",
        "id": 202100252,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1593183076
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm pondering it. I'm wondering what teams we might see now -- perhaps none?</p>",
        "id": 202100256,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593183077
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I suppose if a group is not meeting regularly, then it may make sense to deem them notification groups</p>",
        "id": 202100263,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593183080
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I was just thinking about it more in terms of \"activity\" or \"engagement\". If we have a lot of stuff happening in a notification group, maybe that should become a project group?</p>",
        "id": 202100266,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1593183085
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think notification groups really don't have \"direction\"</p>",
        "id": 202100285,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593183101
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>right, its more just self-selected experts</p>",
        "id": 202100303,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593183114
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>which I do think corresponds to the current LLVM subteam, right?</p>",
        "id": 202100348,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593183123
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I agree with that</p>",
        "id": 202100358,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593183130
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and indeed we <em>have</em> an LLVM notification group</p>",
        "id": 202100371,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593183140
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>they were even the first :)</p>",
        "id": 202100375,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593183143
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(not even experts, necessarily; just interested folks. Enthusiasts, etc)</p>",
        "id": 202100384,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593183147
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Right, its just labelled t-compiler/wg-llvm here on zulip</p>",
        "id": 202100423,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593183166
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and probably elsewhere</p>",
        "id": 202100429,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593183170
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess I'm pondering whether we'd ever have multiple teams. Maybe the answer is \"not yet but it might be something we work towards\"</p>",
        "id": 202100434,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593183172
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe a prereq for multiple teams</p>",
        "id": 202100459,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593183185
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>is distinct repos</p>",
        "id": 202100463,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593183188
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>to better enable decoupling of work</p>",
        "id": 202100474,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593183192
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>you know?</p>",
        "id": 202100484,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593183197
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I think e.g. the chalk effort could become like that, eventually)</p>",
        "id": 202100492,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593183199
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>here's another question:</p>",
        "id": 202100534,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593183228
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>because when you share repos, you are forced to share protocols with respect to labels, issue handling, etc</p>",
        "id": 202100547,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593183237
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I made this \"starting list\" of things that seemed like active areas to me</p>",
        "id": 202100607,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593183250
    },
    {
        "content": "<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th>group</th>\n<th>lead(s)</th>\n<th>areas</th>\n<th>subsumes</th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>diagnostics</td>\n<td>estebank</td>\n<td>diagnostic formatting code</td>\n<td>wg-diagnostics</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>mir</td>\n<td>oli-obk</td>\n<td>building MIR, optimizations, generator transform</td>\n<td>wg-mir-opt</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>codegen</td>\n<td>eddyb</td>\n<td>partitioning, debuginfo, type layout</td>\n<td>(this is new)</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>llvm</td>\n<td>nagisa</td>\n<td>LLVM-specific problems, ThinLTO, PGO</td>\n<td>wg-llvm</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>constant_evaluation</td>\n<td>oli-obk</td>\n<td>const_eval, miri</td>\n<td>t-compiler/</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>",
        "id": 202100610,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593183252
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well, not \"active\" areas necessarily</p>",
        "id": 202100636,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593183268
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I think a question is -- how much do we shoot for comprehensiveness? or is it more about \"we don't expect all areas to have a group, just those where there's somebody willing/able to do the work\"?</p>",
        "id": 202100696,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593183301
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(which I think might be a good principle, I'm worried we sometimes get overambitious)</p>",
        "id": 202100735,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593183315
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>in which case I would e.g. think we would drop codegen/llvm from the list (and yes maybe that is more of a notification group concept, and perhaps those are something we try to be a bit more comprehensive with somehow)</p>",
        "id": 202100797,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593183347
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>\"we don't expect all areas to have a group, just those where there's somebody willing/able to do the work\"?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I think this is what I was trying to get at when I said \"engagement\".</p>",
        "id": 202100819,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1593183355
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(by the time I finished writing this, the conversation has moved on a bit <span aria-label=\"face palm\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f926\" role=\"img\" title=\"face palm\">:face_palm:</span>: )</p>\n<p>I think it might make sense to separate the granting of permissions from the groups.</p>\n<p>You could keep the compiler team contributors (just r+) and compiler team (r+ and fcps, effectively) (or some equivalent to these):</p>\n<p>And then the project/notification/subarea groups have some people that happen to be in the compiler team contributors/compiler team (perhaps through their work in the project/notification/subarea group) and have permissions. But there's no concept of being \"a member of\" one of those groups (in that you are granted some permissions as a result) but only in the sense that you contribute to that group regularly. Folks who contribute to those groups regularly can be added to compiler team contributors as is done now when it's felt that they should be granted permissions.</p>",
        "id": 202100900,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1593183383
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>If we have people consistently showing up to do stuff in a particular area, maybe it's worth trying to turn that into something more formal than just a ping group.</p>",
        "id": 202100905,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1593183386
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>right and when I wrote this:</p>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bdesign.20meeting.5D.20areas.20of.20the.20compiler.20compiler-team.23288/near/202099194\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>maybe I was wrong to say that areas should sometimes be dormant?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I was kind of thinking in a similar direction I thnk</p>",
        "id": 202101021,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593183446
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>specifically that I worry about having a variety of teams where some are dormant and some are not</p>",
        "id": 202101075,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593183472
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and I think that one goal should be helping people to know what's going on and get involved</p>",
        "id": 202101140,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593183486
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and that those efforts are impeded by not indexing on \"activity and engagement\"</p>",
        "id": 202101164,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593183500
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so yeah I'm liking <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"125250\">@Wesley Wiser</span>'s variant :)</p>",
        "id": 202101188,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593183511
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(now I have to read the essay that <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116107\">@davidtwco</span> wrote ;)</p>",
        "id": 202101214,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593183527
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Side note: one thing I'm wondering about is how to make maintaing these lists relatively painless.  And I also still do like the idea of e.g. mir-opt having members that can be approved to review PRs for that area. I remember wanting this pretty clearly for NLL.</p>",
        "id": 202101339,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593183598
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Which I guess is somewhat in contrast to what <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116107\">@davidtwco</span> wrote</p>",
        "id": 202101434,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593183626
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>one other thing: I used to think we should not track working group \"membership\", but I've changed my mind, in part because it's useful to be able to give privileges, ping groups of folks, etc but also because I think it's important to recognize and reward participation</p>",
        "id": 202101517,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593183669
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bdesign.20meeting.5D.20areas.20of.20the.20compiler.20compiler-team.23288/near/202101339\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Side note: one thing I'm wondering about is how to make maintaing these lists relatively painless.  And I also still do like the idea of e.g. mir-opt having members that can be approved to review PRs for that area. I remember wanting this pretty clearly for NLL.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I guess there's one caveat, about what to do with PRs that affect multiple areas? Or maybe I'm misunderstanding here.</p>",
        "id": 202101568,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1593183696
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think maybe another positive to incorporating the \"activity and engagement\" idea is that it lends to a natural way to spin down groups. As activity slows, they would naturally move down the \"hierarchy\" of groups. IE a dormant project group would eventually just become a ping group. </p>\n<p>That wouldn't be a \"failure\" or whatever of the group or its leaders, just a natural part of the lifecycle of the project. If interest picks up later, it can be turned back into a group.</p>",
        "id": 202101582,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1593183704
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>at the same time, it is a bit of extra reponsibility and sometimes a bit hard to decide who to add -- how many PRs is enough, etc.</p>",
        "id": 202101585,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593183707
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"255061\">LeSeulArtichaut</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bdesign.20meeting.5D.20areas.20of.20the.20compiler.20compiler-team.23288/near/202101568\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I guess there's one caveat, about what to do with PRs that affect multiple areas? Or maybe I'm misunderstanding here.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I think you would just try to also get a review from people who know the other areas, or maybe just a review. I mean we sort of have that same problem today, we just don't acknowledge it very much. :)</p>",
        "id": 202101699,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593183750
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"125250\">Wesley Wiser</span> that works for some cases I think but not e.g. polonius or other efforts, but that's ok.</p>",
        "id": 202101739,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593183774
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bdesign.20meeting.5D.20areas.20of.20the.20compiler.20compiler-team.23288/near/202101699\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"255061\">LeSeulArtichaut</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bdesign.20meeting.5D.20areas.20of.20the.20compiler.20compiler-team.23288/near/202101568\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I guess there's one caveat, about what to do with PRs that affect multiple areas? Or maybe I'm misunderstanding here.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I think you would just try to also get a review from people who know the other areas, or maybe just a review. I mean we sort of have that same problem today, we just don't acknowledge it very much. <span aria-label=\"slight smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f642\" role=\"img\" title=\"slight smile\">:slight_smile:</span></p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Hmm, that was kind of what I was expecting. I was wondering if you were talking about responsibilities or explicit permissions e.g. for only a particular directory.</p>",
        "id": 202101775,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1593183792
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok, I have to run, this was a productive and thought-provoking meeting though</p>",
        "id": 202101824,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593183818
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><del>one parting thought</del> never mind</p>",
        "id": 202101948,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593183868
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>/me the suspense <span aria-label=\"scared\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f628\" role=\"img\" title=\"scared\">:scared:</span></p>",
        "id": 202102054,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1593183911
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the parting thought I'm sure was going to be mind blowing and you <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"125250\">@Wesley Wiser</span> would never know what it was <span aria-label=\"smiling devil\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f608\" role=\"img\" title=\"smiling devil\">:smiling_devil:</span></p>",
        "id": 202102223,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1593183971
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well geez I'm definitely not sharing it NOW</p>",
        "id": 202102363,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593184042
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I wrote up some final notes in the hackmd fyi maybe check 'em out ;)</p>",
        "id": 202102385,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593184054
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I do have to go but what I was going to say was that maybe this fits with the idea of all teams having (potentially)</p>\n<ul>\n<li>notification members</li>\n<li>full members</li>\n<li>leads</li>\n</ul>\n<p>and the idea is then that we kind of \"layer on top\" progressively more things</p>",
        "id": 202102485,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593184093
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i.e., notification groups are just the first, full members/leads come with project group status, and the final thing would be \"team\" status</p>",
        "id": 202102510,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593184112
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I'm thinking of the team repo)</p>",
        "id": 202102522,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593184119
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>One thing I'm unclear of - how would this change the \"compiler team {, contributors}\" teams?</p>",
        "id": 202102926,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1593184317
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>my guess is that contributors would become notification members?</p>",
        "id": 202103001,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593184344
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but maybe that doesn't carry same weight</p>",
        "id": 202103012,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593184351
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe we would just keep contributors as its own thing</p>",
        "id": 202103036,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593184366
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>just to serve as a good \"stepping stone\" towards full team membership</p>",
        "id": 202103048,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1593184381
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think there's an intermediate \"r+ but no FCP\" state that's useful</p>",
        "id": 202107117,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1593186295
    }
]