[
    {
        "content": "<p>hi <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"897\">@T-compiler/meeting</span> , the planning meeting for this cycle is starting now</p>",
        "id": 241539281,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1622815369
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the list of proposals is <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Ameeting-proposal+-label%3Ameeting-scheduled\">here</a></p>",
        "id": 241539416,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1622815429
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we have just one new proposal: \"1.52 Fingerprint retrospective (aka COE)” <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/435\">compiler-team#435</a></p>",
        "id": 241539527,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1622815463
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I do think there are other things we <em>could</em> dedicate a Friday meeting to, such as reviewing the outstanding MCPs, or figuring out what to do with our P-medium+P-high issue backlog</p>",
        "id": 241539760,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1622815556
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but for this cycle, I’m completely happy with just one meeting. :)</p>",
        "id": 241539834,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1622815570
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I suppose the main thing I want to do is 1. make sure that people are generally in favor of dedicating a friday meeting to <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/435\">compiler-team#435</a>, and 2. double-check whether the list of items to cover (in the associated document) is sufficient, or if people think it might be missing something</p>",
        "id": 241540140,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1622815690
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>specifically, <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/435\">compiler-team#435</a> says (in its summary): </p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>The compiler team should have a retrospective on the 1.52.0 release issues with fingerprints that led to an emergency release of 1.52.1. @pnkfelix will take lead on preparing a document discussing 1. the events in our development and release process that led to the issues in the 1.52.0 release, 2. how we subsequently discovered the issues and responded to them in the short-term, and 3. what steps we can take going forward to reduce risk of re-occurrence of similar events in the future.</p>\n</blockquote>",
        "id": 241540199,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1622815717
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So there's only the one proposal?</p>",
        "id": 241540275,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1622815747
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, that’s all</p>",
        "id": 241540291,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1622815753
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>OK</p>",
        "id": 241540302,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1622815759
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>you want to propose something?</p>",
        "id": 241540304,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1622815761
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>:)</p>",
        "id": 241540310,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1622815762
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it's a good one though :)</p>",
        "id": 241540315,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1622815764
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I wanted to propose something similar</p>",
        "id": 241540347,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1622815778
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I definitely won’t have time next week to prepare the doc</p>",
        "id": 241540350,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1622815779
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I do have concerns about our lint level flags story, but no time to drive the effort/discussion.</p>",
        "id": 241540394,
        "sender_full_name": "nagisa",
        "timestamp": 1622815797
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i.e. discussing how we can get more testing if those tests are bad for performance</p>",
        "id": 241540399,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1622815799
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so the earliest I would expect to have a meeting for <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/435\">compiler-team#435</a> would be Friday June 18th</p>",
        "id": 241540470,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1622815813
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm also out next week</p>",
        "id": 241540499,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1622815824
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I have thoughts about testing too</p>",
        "id": 241540588,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1622815859
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I hadn’t really thought hard about whether more testing would have caught this</p>",
        "id": 241540627,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1622815876
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>in particular, we <em>knew</em> about these ICEs</p>",
        "id": 241540660,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1622815886
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think the main problem was that we didn't realize when it was going to be released</p>",
        "id": 241540720,
        "sender_full_name": "Aaron Hill",
        "timestamp": 1622815907
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Right</p>",
        "id": 241540723,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1622815910
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes, testing might be a related but different topic</p>",
        "id": 241540802,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1622815925
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>which is something I <em>think</em> the release team has discussed as well</p>",
        "id": 241540804,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1622815925
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"125294\">Aaron Hill</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04/near/241540720\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I think the main problem was that we didn't realize when it was going to be released</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I think that wasn't the only problem</p>",
        "id": 241540850,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1622815946
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I can imagine ways that more testing <em>could</em> have caught this problem</p>",
        "id": 241540941,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1622815979
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>e.g. if we had a policy of putting in “expected fail” or “expected ICE” tests</p>",
        "id": 241540983,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1622815993
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't think we should do the retro right now though :)</p>",
        "id": 241541004,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1622815998
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>right right</p>",
        "id": 241541012,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1622816002
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>good point <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span></p>",
        "id": 241541019,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1622816005
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but anyway, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"124287\">@mw</span> , I think it would be great if you could put together a proposal for the next cycle</p>",
        "id": 241541065,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1622816025
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>with your thoughts around testing</p>",
        "id": 241541080,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1622816031
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the main thing i want to resolve</p>",
        "id": 241541160,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1622816051
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Oh, well, three main things</p>",
        "id": 241541182,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1622816061
    },
    {
        "content": "<ol>\n<li>should we have a Friday meeting for <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/435\">compiler-team#435</a> (and it sounds like people are not opposed to it)</li>\n</ol>",
        "id": 241541222,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1622816078
    },
    {
        "content": "<ol start=\"2\">\n<li>does the current summary for <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/435\">compiler-team#435</a> hit all the points we would want the document to cover (i.e. is it sufficiently broad in scope)</li>\n</ol>",
        "id": 241541307,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1622816111
    },
    {
        "content": "<ol start=\"3\">\n<li>Which Friday to have the meeting!</li>\n</ol>",
        "id": 241541326,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1622816119
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It could be on either <span aria-label=\"one\" class=\"emoji emoji-0031-20e3\" role=\"img\" title=\"one\">:one:</span> June <del>16th</del> 18th or <span aria-label=\"two\" class=\"emoji emoji-0032-20e3\" role=\"img\" title=\"two\">:two:</span> June <del>23rd</del> 25th</p>",
        "id": 241541480,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1622816164
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>those are wednesdays, right?</p>",
        "id": 241541557,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1622816193
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>omg</p>",
        "id": 241541563,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1622816198
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>/me was messing with their calendar and advanced it to July without noticing</p>",
        "id": 241541611,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1622816214
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Looks like people are in favor of Friday June 18th.</p>",
        "id": 241541748,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1622816269
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Great, I’ll write up an Inside Rust announcing the meeting</p>",
        "id": 241541853,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1622816298
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anything else people want to discuss? We’ve got a release in ~two weeks</p>",
        "id": 241541878,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1622816311
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>where are we standing with the fingerprint issues for the next release?</p>",
        "id": 241541960,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1622816348
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we have decided to give it another cycle, right?</p>",
        "id": 241542004,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1622816370
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The plan, based on last Friday’s discussion, is to do the same thing in 1.53 stable that we did in 1.52.1</p>",
        "id": 241542022,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1622816379
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah</p>",
        "id": 241542026,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1622816380
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but we won’t put it into the 1.53-beta nor the 1.54-beta</p>",
        "id": 241542049,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1622816391
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span aria-label=\"+1\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44d\" role=\"img\" title=\"+1\">:+1:</span></p>",
        "id": 241542050,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1622816392
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So there’s a slight risk associated with having the deviation between the beta and the stable</p>",
        "id": 241542133,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1622816410
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I think its the best option available</p>",
        "id": 241542148,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1622816419
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(because I do not want to regress incr-comp defaulting to “on” atop the beta branch, for those (admittedly few, according to twitter poll) who are using beta branch.)</p>",
        "id": 241542229,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1622816460
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116122\">@simulacrum</span> what is the best way to coordinate ensuring that that happens? I guess it would be good to put the code into beta but have it turned off via a boolean switch or <code>cfg!</code> flag, just to make the final step of turning it on in stable trivial?</p>",
        "id": 241542413,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1622816535
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>hm, I think the patch is easy enough we can just land it as part of the uplift</p>",
        "id": 241542448,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1622816556
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but then again the patch itself is pretty trivial</p>",
        "id": 241542453,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1622816561
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It'd be good to file an issue and milestone it</p>",
        "id": 241542459,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1622816562
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah okay</p>",
        "id": 241542461,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1622816562
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that way it's on our radar when making the release</p>",
        "id": 241542478,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1622816572
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Okay I’ll file an issue, very good point</p>",
        "id": 241542494,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1622816578
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Okay then. I think we can just end in the meeting in that case!</p>",
        "id": 241542550,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1622816598
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Thank you everyone in <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"897\">@T-compiler/meeting</span> for attending!</p>",
        "id": 241542566,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1622816605
    }
]