[
    {
        "content": "<p>hi <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"897\">@T-compiler/meeting</span> , we’ll be starting the planning meeting for the August cycle in about 24 minutes.</p>",
        "id": 247708603,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1627652206
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hi again <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"897\">@T-compiler/meeting</span> ; planning meeting starting now. Leave a <span aria-label=\"wave\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44b\" role=\"img\" title=\"wave\">:wave:</span> to show you’re here!</p>",
        "id": 247711785,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1627653720
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>First off, any quick announcements?</p>",
        "id": 247711899,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1627653770
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I see there hasn’t been any reports of incr-comp ICEs via <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/84970\">rust#84970</a>. (carol10cents did point out that the blog post announced incr-comp being switched back on, but RELEASES.md didn’t)</p>",
        "id": 247712001,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1627653834
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(is that a sign that we need a playbook for how to write release notes, in terms of where things need to go?)</p>",
        "id": 247712086,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1627653856
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(Or maybe automate the process to keep them always in sync?)</p>",
        "id": 247712192,
        "sender_full_name": "Esteban Küber",
        "timestamp": 1627653907
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah maybe</p>",
        "id": 247712204,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1627653914
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway</p>",
        "id": 247712218,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1627653915
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><em>this</em> meeting is planning the next three friday meetings: Aug 6, Aug 13, and Aug 20th</p>",
        "id": 247712281,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1627653947
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we have one proposal on the <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Ameeting-proposal+-label%3Ameeting-scheduled\">list</a>: <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/446\">compiler-team#446</a>: \"Review assignments\"</p>",
        "id": 247712409,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1627653991
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"125250\">@Wesley Wiser</span> is the purpose for the meeting about how to try to increase the set of people who can do reviews, or is it about adjusting the internal logic to better allocate review work amongst the current set of people?</p>",
        "id": 247712540,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1627654051
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or both?</p>",
        "id": 247712554,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1627654055
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I was thinking more the former but it can also be a broader discussion about review responsibilities in general.</p>",
        "id": 247712601,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1627654079
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay</p>",
        "id": 247712766,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1627654139
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"125250\">@Wesley Wiser</span> are you planning to own putting together a doc with concrete ideas? Or were you more aiming for a brainstorming session (which might still warrant a doc to guide the brainstorming)</p>",
        "id": 247712849,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1627654178
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I mostly filed this as a response to part of the discussion we had during the last steering meeting on @mw's proposal.</p>",
        "id": 247713000,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1627654224
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I can write down my thoughts but it would be good to have more engagement from the wider compiler team on this topic.</p>",
        "id": 247713029,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1627654244
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I can take point on trying to get various people to contribute to the doc.</p>",
        "id": 247713091,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1627654281
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay. The reason for my question is to two-fold: 1. to get a better idea of what the meeting needs to be successful, and 2. to know what timing constraints we might want to account for when we schedule it.</p>",
        "id": 247713141,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1627654308
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I personally would vote for the 20th. The longer lead up time will be helpful to getting more out of the meeting and I'm on PTO the 13th.</p>",
        "id": 247713234,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1627654345
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I’m good with that.</p>",
        "id": 247713247,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1627654354
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess I should ask: 1. Is there anyone who wants to put forward any last minute meeting proposals, and 2. Is there anyone who wants to provide reasons that we should not have a meeting on Aug 20th re <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/446\">compiler-team#446</a>: “Review assignments” ?</p>",
        "id": 247713354,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1627654406
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Okay then, lets move ahead with scheduling a meeting on Aug 20th for <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/446\">compiler-team#446</a></p>",
        "id": 247713539,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1627654488
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that’s everything on the agenda for today</p>",
        "id": 247713557,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1627654496
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if people want to use this time to chat about the Review Assignments topic, I’m fine with that. I think I need to focus on some other things at the moment so I won’t likely be engaging much on zulip</p>",
        "id": 247713688,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1627654562
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>other that than, I want to thank everyone in <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"897\">@T-compiler/meeting</span> for attending. Cheers!</p>",
        "id": 247713768,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1627654583
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-07-30/near/247712849\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"125250\">Wesley Wiser</span> are you planning to own putting together a doc with concrete ideas? Or were you more aiming for a brainstorming session (which might still warrant a doc to guide the brainstorming)</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I've started working on a doc on the \"contributor pipeline\". I'll try to get into a form that can be shared with others to see if it's a good place to kick off the conversation.</p>",
        "id": 247717156,
        "sender_full_name": "rylev",
        "timestamp": 1627656262
    }
]