[
    {
        "content": "<p>Hi <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"897\">@T-compiler/meeting</span> , planning meeting is starting now!</p>",
        "id": 230043035,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615561412
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(sorry, I meant to send out a reminder like 40 minutes ago, and then I got distracted by trying to recreate the debuginfo issues I was complaining of yesterday because I thought we might need a steering meeting about debuginfo.)</p>",
        "id": 230043220,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615561458
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(really we <em>still</em> might need a steering meeting about debuggers, but I’m not ready to float a proposal there yet, not on this cycle.</p>",
        "id": 230043268,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615561482
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Let start off with five minutes for </p>\n<h2>Announcements</h2>",
        "id": 230043408,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615561526
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>(sort of an announcement) <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/83027\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/83027</a> could use some eyes, as it's a performance regression in beta. not yet triaged to the point where discussion makes sense though  --- would wait until regular meeting, but we're a little short on time</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 230043804,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1615561643
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>FYI: I couldn't reproduce it.</p>",
        "id": 230043864,
        "sender_full_name": "tm",
        "timestamp": 1615561667
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hmm</p>",
        "id": 230044716,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615561966
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So should we try to get an owner on <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/83027\">#83027</a> today</p>",
        "id": 230044763,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615561979
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or leave it open for anyone to try to snag for a little bit</p>",
        "id": 230044793,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615561990
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116122\">@simulacrum</span> I’ll put an event in my calendar for … either today … or Monday… to circle back around to <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/83027\">#83027</a> and see if anyone has taken ownership of it yet. Does that sound okay to you?</p>",
        "id": 230044879,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615562029
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah that sounds good</p>",
        "id": 230044892,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1615562034
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay. So lets look at the proposal list</p>",
        "id": 230045071,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615562098
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Ameeting-proposal+-label%3Ameeting-scheduled\">https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Ameeting-proposal+-label%3Ameeting-scheduled</a></p>",
        "id": 230045087,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615562105
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>five proposals. Two old, three new</p>",
        "id": 230045153,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615562124
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Lets quickly talk about the two old ones first</p>",
        "id": 230045195,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615562139
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/401\">(recurring) regression day</a> aka <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/401\">compiler-team#401</a></li>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/400\">perf triage report construction</a> aka <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/400\">compiler-team#400</a></li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 230045315,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615562171
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116122\">@simulacrum</span> I think we’ve determined that a regression day is best structured as a targetted meeting with the leads and either you or other reps from T-release. Does that sound accurate?</p>",
        "id": 230045418,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615562207
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes, that sounds accurate</p>",
        "id": 230045434,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1615562213
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we can likely close the issue</p>",
        "id": 230045442,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1615562219
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Sounds great</p>",
        "id": 230045448,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615562222
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The only action item</p>",
        "id": 230045464,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615562225
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm expecting to schedule those as needed by pinging you/Wesley</p>",
        "id": 230045495,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1615562232
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>would be to <em>document</em> that part of our overall process</p>",
        "id": 230045496,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615562232
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and be ready to plan ahead for those meetings</p>",
        "id": 230045519,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615562242
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>right?</p>",
        "id": 230045521,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615562243
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Okay, schedule as needed</p>",
        "id": 230045530,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615562250
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess that makes sense too</p>",
        "id": 230045545,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615562255
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(crater run is variable end date so hard to get a concrete thing on schedule I think)</p>",
        "id": 230045673,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1615562295
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Is <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"224872\">@rylev</span> around?</p>",
        "id": 230045715,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615562315
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The only reason why I ask</p>",
        "id": 230045844,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615562356
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>is that I could go either way on whether to try to schedule a meeting for <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/400\">compiler-team#400</a></p>",
        "id": 230045876,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615562370
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>@rylev has put a fair amount of effort into describing the current system, and proposing tweaks to it</p>",
        "id": 230045931,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615562391
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the question is whether we’re at a stage where a steering with the team would be useful or not</p>",
        "id": 230046011,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615562407
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116122\">@simulacrum</span> since you are also involved in performance-triage process, do you have an opinion there? Should we table scheduling that meeting? (Should the issue be closed at this point, until a broader proposal is put forward?) Or should we have a meeting just to try to force eyeballs on what <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"224872\">@rylev</span> has written?</p>",
        "id": 230046173,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615562466
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I... don't really have an opinion</p>",
        "id": 230046216,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1615562479
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think change is hard :)</p>",
        "id": 230046224,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1615562484
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'd probably table it for now</p>",
        "id": 230046237,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1615562489
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Okay. In the interest of making forward progress right now</p>",
        "id": 230046245,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615562492
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>let just table it</p>",
        "id": 230046257,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615562497
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>as in, we won’t put it up for potential scheduling this cycle</p>",
        "id": 230046293,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615562512
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I won’t close it yet either. I’d want to talk to <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"224872\">@rylev</span> before doing that.</p>",
        "id": 230046358,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615562524
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So that leaves the new stuff!</p>",
        "id": 230046397,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615562534
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>three items</p>",
        "id": 230046498,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615562571
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/412\">compiler-team#412</a>: memshrink sprint retrospective</li>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/415\">compiler-team#415</a>: dylibs need directors</li>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/416\">compiler-team#416</a>: static vs dynamic linking defaults for MUSL targets</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 230046614,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615562625
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and, the timeline we’re talking about, is the next three fridays</p>",
        "id": 230046744,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615562659
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>19 March, 26 March, 2 April</p>",
        "id": 230046819,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615562691
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Keeping in mind that the next Rust release is on 25 March</p>",
        "id": 230046889,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615562716
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So, I think retros are a great idea, I would vote for <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/412\">compiler-team#412</a></p>",
        "id": 230046966,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1615562751
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Given that we just had the sprint, I think it would be good to do the retro as soon as reasonably possible before we forget anything important.</p>",
        "id": 230046972,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1615562754
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Right. I suspect biasing towards “soon so we don’t forget” vs “wait so we have more time to reflect” is absolutely right call</p>",
        "id": 230047071,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615562786
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm not sure that <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/415\">compiler-team#415</a> will be solved by a meeting-- maybe</p>",
        "id": 230047100,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1615562799
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Well</p>",
        "id": 230047130,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615562814
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I suppose it wouldn’t have to be synchronous</p>",
        "id": 230047154,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615562826
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It seems like it also needs a bit of outreach to find those directors who would prepare the doc that the issue describes :)</p>",
        "id": 230047161,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1615562828
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>getting eyeballs on the <em>description</em> of the problems is itself important</p>",
        "id": 230047200,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615562842
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that's true</p>",
        "id": 230047212,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1615562849
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>to confirm/deny that description</p>",
        "id": 230047213,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615562850
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>At the least, <code>415</code> doesn't seem urgent as that has been the status quo for years. Since there's interest/activity in <code>416</code>, I think it would be good to schedule that one next.</p>",
        "id": 230047222,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1615562853
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but without the description itself, it may be premature</p>",
        "id": 230047235,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615562857
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I agree with <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"125250\">@Wesley Wiser</span> about urgency, but I also think <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span> you've got a good point that a logical starting point would be to establish the motivation and problems</p>",
        "id": 230047282,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1615562877
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I suspect a sync meeting is the wrong tool for that though</p>",
        "id": 230047311,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1615562882
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-03-12/near/230047161\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>It seems like it also needs a bit of outreach to find those directors who would prepare the doc that the issue describes :)</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Indeed. One of my hopes sitting here now was to see if anyone present would like to volunteer to investigate it.</p>",
        "id": 230047352,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615562887
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I remember some of the GNOME folks raising this years ago</p>",
        "id": 230047408,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1615562906
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and having quite strong arguments in favor of us doing more around dylibs + stable ABIs</p>",
        "id": 230047441,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1615562922
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(it came down to: the cost to recompile things is non-trivial at scale, and it's not practical to do that every 6 weeks)</p>",
        "id": 230047461,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1615562930
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>better dylib handling would also be nice for the cg_clif jit mode.</p>",
        "id": 230047524,
        "sender_full_name": "bjorn3",
        "timestamp": 1615562951
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We also have some guests that are interested in participating in the MUSL discussion. Perhaps we should make sure one of the two proposed dates (26 March or 2 April) work for them?</p>",
        "id": 230047595,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1615562983
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I would favor tabling for now but I think if we could find someone to organize at least like survey / thread / documenting motivations, it'd be a good starting point</p>",
        "id": 230047597,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1615562984
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>what is current relationship between Microsofft and GNOME?</p>",
        "id": 230047629,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615562998
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"125250\">@Wesley Wiser</span> why not 19th?</p>",
        "id": 230047673,
        "sender_full_name": "Érico Nogueira Rolim",
        "timestamp": 1615563004
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I believe that's <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"396976\">@Rich Felker</span>, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"360752\">@Ariadne Conill</span> and maybe <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"396723\">@Érico Nogueira Rolim</span>?</p>",
        "id": 230047713,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1615563014
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yes, for 416, I was told you're looking for input from outside stakeholders (musl, affected distros, ...?)</p>",
        "id": 230047747,
        "sender_full_name": "Rich Felker",
        "timestamp": 1615563027
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-03-12/near/230047629\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>what is current relationship between Microsofft and GNOME?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>(i ask this because I’m curious whether there are resources at Microsoft that coul be put towards the issues raised by GNOME that <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> noted above.)</p>",
        "id": 230047794,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615563044
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>what is current relationship between Microsofft and GNOME?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I'm not sure there is one or why there would be.</p>",
        "id": 230047910,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1615563087
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"125250\">Wesley Wiser</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-03-12/near/230047713\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I believe that's <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"396976\">Rich Felker</span>, <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"360752\">Ariadne Conill</span> and maybe <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"396723\">Érico Nogueira Rolim</span>?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>This is list of stakeholders in <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/416\">compiler-team#416</a>, right?</p>",
        "id": 230047912,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615563087
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"125250\">Wesley Wiser</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-03-12/near/230047910\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<blockquote>\n<p>what is current relationship between Microsofft and GNOME?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I'm not sure there is one or why there would be.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I guess I make in a connection in my head with GNOME -&gt; Miguel de Icaza -&gt; Mono -&gt; .NET -&gt; Microsoft</p>",
        "id": 230047997,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615563121
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>its <strong>quite</strong> a stretch</p>",
        "id": 230048052,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615563128
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>looking</p>",
        "id": 230048087,
        "sender_full_name": "Rich Felker",
        "timestamp": 1615563136
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ah, gotcha. I don't really know anything other than I believe Miguel hasn't really been involved with GNOME for a decade or more at this point.</p>",
        "id": 230048184,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1615563179
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah, might as well reach out to Linus Torvalds. Or Kevin Bacon. based on chain I put up above.</p>",
        "id": 230048344,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615563229
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't see a list of stakeholders on the issue. So far you have maintainer (me) and reps of two of the biggest musl-based distros.</p>",
        "id": 230048360,
        "sender_full_name": "Rich Felker",
        "timestamp": 1615563237
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Sorry, my question was not clear</p>",
        "id": 230048473,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615563261
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I was just trying to understand context of <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"125250\">@Wesley Wiser</span> ’s remark</p>",
        "id": 230048491,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615563270
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>when I brought up stakeholders</p>",
        "id": 230048501,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615563275
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Oh sorry</p>",
        "id": 230048503,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1615563277
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span aria-label=\"rofl\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f923\" role=\"img\" title=\"rofl\">:rofl:</span>  Kevin Bacon. <span aria-label=\"rofl\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f923\" role=\"img\" title=\"rofl\">:rofl:</span>  You're killing me here.</p>",
        "id": 230048518,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1615563283
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So I talked to <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"360752\">@Ariadne Conill</span> yesterday about <code>416</code> and they asked if they could invite a few other stakeholders from the Linux distro/MUSL communities who would like to participate in that discussion.</p>",
        "id": 230048647,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1615563325
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Do we think we can make reasonable decisions about <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/416\">compiler-team#416</a> even if we table <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/415\">compiler-team#415</a> ?</p>",
        "id": 230048684,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615563337
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>That sounds good to me.</p>",
        "id": 230048715,
        "sender_full_name": "Rich Felker",
        "timestamp": 1615563346
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Thanks <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"396976\">@Rich Felker</span> and <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"396723\">@Érico Nogueira Rolim</span> for joining us! <span aria-label=\"smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f642\" role=\"img\" title=\"smile\">:smile:</span></p>",
        "id": 230048717,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1615563346
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-03-12/near/230048684\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Do we think we can make reasonable decisions about <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/416\">compiler-team#416</a> even if we table <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/415\">compiler-team#415</a> ?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>(I suspect we can, though it seems very weird to try to move forward without established owners of the dylib topic itself.)</p>",
        "id": 230048834,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615563377
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't see hor 415 and 416 are highly related</p>",
        "id": 230048854,
        "sender_full_name": "Rich Felker",
        "timestamp": 1615563384
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>415 is about dylib crates, not whether the default link mode for a target is dynamic, no?</p>",
        "id": 230048907,
        "sender_full_name": "Rich Felker",
        "timestamp": 1615563407
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I also don't see a huge relation between the topics.</p>",
        "id": 230048919,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1615563412
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>/me looks</p>",
        "id": 230048929,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615563416
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Perhaps my meeting title was poorly worded</p>",
        "id": 230048994,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1615563434
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>No I see, I should have read the summary more carefully</p>",
        "id": 230049020,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615563451
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>416 is basically just about whether or not the default for <code>-musl</code> targets is to statically link libc or dynamically link it.</p>",
        "id": 230049039,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1615563457
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I would expect the group coming out of 415 to look at stuff like <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/82912\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/82912</a> though</p>",
        "id": 230049058,
        "sender_full_name": "Rich Felker",
        "timestamp": 1615563466
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and the repercussions of that decision on our current targets</p>",
        "id": 230049068,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1615563473
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yes</p>",
        "id": 230049084,
        "sender_full_name": "Rich Felker",
        "timestamp": 1615563481
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"396976\">Rich Felker</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-03-12/near/230049058\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I would expect the group coming out of 415 to look at stuff like <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/82912\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/82912</a> though</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>ooh I should add those links from <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"123856\">@Vadim Petrochenkov</span> to the reading list for <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/415\">compiler-team#415</a></p>",
        "id": 230049199,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615563510
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay then, I agree that 415 and 416 seem orthogonal</p>",
        "id": 230049239,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615563530
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so lets table 415 for this cycle. (But if anyone is interested in helping to write an initial document, priv msg me. Maybe I’ll try twitter again for this.)</p>",
        "id": 230049442,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615563607
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"125250\">Wesley Wiser</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-03-12/near/230049068\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>and the repercussions of that decision on our current targets</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Targets <em>and</em> documentation, since there is at least one official page about using the musl target as an exclusively statically linked one to ship self contained binaries (without having to export <code>RUST_FLAGS</code> or some such).</p>",
        "id": 230049483,
        "sender_full_name": "Érico Nogueira Rolim",
        "timestamp": 1615563621
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Since it seems like <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/416\">compiler-team#416</a> potentially has more scheduling constrants, lets schedule it first</p>",
        "id": 230049633,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615563677
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>OK</p>",
        "id": 230049768,
        "sender_full_name": "Rich Felker",
        "timestamp": 1615563726
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I take it that <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"360752\">@Ariadne Conill</span>  is not present at moment. Does anyone know their schedule?</p>",
        "id": 230049789,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615563732
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(in terms of which, if any, of the dates above work for them?)</p>",
        "id": 230049818,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615563743
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm pinging <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"360752\">@Ariadne Conill</span> on irc</p>",
        "id": 230049865,
        "sender_full_name": "Rich Felker",
        "timestamp": 1615563766
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(to be clear: the usual time for these meetings is the same time slot that we’re in right now)</p>",
        "id": 230049871,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615563767
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Thanks <del>@_<strong>Rich Murphey</strong></del> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"396976\">@Rich Felker</span></p>",
        "id": 230049883,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615563772
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>No, they didn't give me any preferred dates.</p>",
        "id": 230049884,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1615563773
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"396723\">Érico Nogueira Rolim</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-03-12/near/230047673\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"125250\">Wesley Wiser</span> why not 19th?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>To answer this Q: I assume <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"125250\">@Wesley Wiser</span> was implicitly reserving the 19th for the retrospective. (But I don’t think we need to do that. I’d rather accommdate guests from outside T-compiler.)</p>",
        "id": 230050169,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615563877
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yes, but I don't feel strongly</p>",
        "id": 230050197,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1615563895
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"396976\">@Rich Felker</span> what is your availabilty for this hour timeslot on 19 Mar vs 26 Mar vs 2 Apr ?</p>",
        "id": 230050263,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615563916
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(and same Q for <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"396723\">@Érico Nogueira Rolim</span> )</p>",
        "id": 230050321,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615563943
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>They should all be equivalent for me; this time's generally non-conflicting</p>",
        "id": 230050398,
        "sender_full_name": "Rich Felker",
        "timestamp": 1615563964
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Assuming things on Mar 19 move very fast, that would allow the release on Mar 25 to include a warning about upcoming changes, but I don't know how this stuff usually works.</p>",
        "id": 230050451,
        "sender_full_name": "Érico Nogueira Rolim",
        "timestamp": 1615563976
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>And yes, all dates are mostly the same for me.</p>",
        "id": 230050475,
        "sender_full_name": "Érico Nogueira Rolim",
        "timestamp": 1615563986
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>That's a good point</p>",
        "id": 230050479,
        "sender_full_name": "Rich Felker",
        "timestamp": 1615563988
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the meeting date seems orthogonal from the date of making changes</p>",
        "id": 230050624,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1615564032
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"396723\">Érico Nogueira Rolim</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-03-12/near/230050451\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Assuming things on Mar 19 move very fast, that would allow the release on Mar 25 to include a warning about upcoming changes, but I don't know how this stuff usually works.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>You mean a warning in the release notes?</p>",
        "id": 230050629,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615564034
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>unless there is a time pressure that <em>requires</em> making them faster</p>",
        "id": 230050667,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1615564051
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(Or a programmatic warning?)</p>",
        "id": 230050684,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615564057
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>In any case, I suspect <em>planning</em> on deploying the results of a decision from the 19th in time for the release on the 25th is … not great planning</p>",
        "id": 230050907,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615564119
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-03-12/near/230050667\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>unless there is a time pressure that <em>requires</em> making them faster</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I guess I’m just echo’ing Niko here.</p>",
        "id": 230050967,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615564143
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Well I think more importantly, if we decide we need to change the existing targets, we always have the option of announcing that in a dedicated post to <a href=\"http://blog.rust-lang.org\">blog.rust-lang.org</a> separate from any given release.</p>",
        "id": 230051050,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1615564173
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"125250\">@Wesley Wiser</span> what kind of write-up do we need ahead of time for the meeting, do you think? Does the issue from <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"360752\">@Ariadne Conill</span> serve well enough, or should we have a separate writeup?</p>",
        "id": 230051075,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615564184
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Sorry, which issue?</p>",
        "id": 230051171,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1615564208
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>416?</p>",
        "id": 230051186,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1615564213
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>for <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/416\">compiler-team#416</a>, yeah</p>",
        "id": 230051204,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615564221
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I’m basically trying to incorporate that question into the question of when to schedule it</p>",
        "id": 230051265,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615564243
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I wrote that based on my limited understanding of the current plan</p>",
        "id": 230051267,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1615564243
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-03-12/near/230050684\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>(Or a programmatic warning?)</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I really don't know, to be honest. I believe Rust occasionally does things like deprecate types in some stdlib or similar before some change (I'm thinking of <code>time_t</code> on 32-bit musl platforms here), and that generates a programmatic warning. But I don't have nearly enough experience in the Rust environment to know what the correct way forward is.</p>",
        "id": 230051397,
        "sender_full_name": "Érico Nogueira Rolim",
        "timestamp": 1615564284
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I suspect we need a more fleshed out write-up than what we have: something that would be digestable at the outset of the meeting</p>",
        "id": 230051398,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615564284
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think going into the meeting it would be good to have a better writeup detailing the (I believe) two potential options we have, the pros/cons to both and what questions need to be resolved to decide which path is viable.</p>",
        "id": 230051448,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1615564300
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>which leads me to think that trying to schedule it for 19 March would be a mistake</p>",
        "id": 230051476,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615564315
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>unless we have someone on board to start trying to make a writeup now</p>",
        "id": 230051557,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615564332
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I agree that a meeting on the 19th and a release on the 25th incorporating changes from it would be very close together, so there isn't a rush to include things.</p>",
        "id": 230051597,
        "sender_full_name": "Érico Nogueira Rolim",
        "timestamp": 1615564347
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>FWIW I think a lot of that data is in the PR thread but there is quite a bit of discussion in that PR and it can be difficult to follow all of the conversation threads.</p>",
        "id": 230051667,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1615564376
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-03-12/near/230051557\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>unless we have someone on board to start trying to make a writeup now</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>(of course the counter-argument to this point is: Why does Felix believe that waiting until later will magically solve the problem of not having someone to do the write-up)</p>",
        "id": 230051670,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615564377
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"125250\">Wesley Wiser</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-03-12/near/230051667\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>FWIW I think a lot of that data is in the PR thread but there is quite a bit of discussion in that PR and it can be difficult to follow all of the conversation threads.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Right: I’m <em>hoping</em> that the bulk of the writeup will be condensing what has already been said and following those threads, vs having to do any novel research/design work.</p>",
        "id": 230051745,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615564415
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I do not mind investing more time into doing that and I would love to see this situation resolved for everyone but I'm not sure I have enough free time between now and next Friday to do a good job and ensure we have a productive meeting.</p>",
        "id": 230051874,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1615564457
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway, knowing that releases can sometimes steal time, I’m tempted to say we should schedule <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/416\">compiler-team#416</a> to 2nd April</p>",
        "id": 230051920,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615564478
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>because its possible no one here will have <em>any</em> free time up until 25th March</p>",
        "id": 230051949,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615564498
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>How does 2 April sound to <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"396976\">@Rich Felker</span> and <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"396723\">@Érico Nogueira Rolim</span>  ?</p>",
        "id": 230052028,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615564540
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(This way, we can be somewhat assured that we’ll have <em>time</em> for the writeup. At the cost of waiting longer for the meeting and thus a decision.)</p>",
        "id": 230052169,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615564591
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-03-12/near/230051745\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"125250\">Wesley Wiser</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-03-12/near/230051667\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>FWIW I think a lot of that data is in the PR thread but there is quite a bit of discussion in that PR and it can be difficult to follow all of the conversation threads.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Right: I’m <em>hoping</em> that the bulk of the writeup will be condensing what has already been said and following those threads, vs having to do any novel research/design work.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Do you have an example of what a write up would look like? If <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"360752\">@Ariadne Conill</span> doesn't have the availability for it, I can try my hand. I have an idea of the overall landscape and have read through most of the issues / PRs.</p>",
        "id": 230052208,
        "sender_full_name": "Érico Nogueira Rolim",
        "timestamp": 1615564609
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>april 2 is the friday before easter I think?</p>",
        "id": 230052212,
        "sender_full_name": "nagisa",
        "timestamp": 1615564611
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>...</p>",
        "id": 230052249,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615564625
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>/me is not used to holidays being on non-mondays</p>",
        "id": 230052294,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615564642
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>You’re right, thaxt’s Good Friday</p>",
        "id": 230052337,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615564669
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"396723\">Érico Nogueira Rolim</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-03-12/near/230052208\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-03-12/near/230051745\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"125250\">Wesley Wiser</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-03-12/near/230051667\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>FWIW I think a lot of that data is in the PR thread but there is quite a bit of discussion in that PR and it can be difficult to follow all of the conversation threads.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Right: I’m <em>hoping</em> that the bulk of the writeup will be condensing what has already been said and following those threads, vs having to do any novel research/design work.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Do you have an example of what a write up would look like? If <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"360752\">Ariadne Conill</span> doesn't have the availability for it, I can try my hand. I have an idea of the overall landscape and have read through most of the issues / PRs.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"396723\">@Érico Nogueira Rolim</span> I would be happy to work with you on that especially if that means we can schedule the meeting sooner!</p>",
        "id": 230052359,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1615564677
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-03-12/near/230052337\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>You’re right, thaxt’s Good Friday</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>okay, so scratch April 2nd</p>",
        "id": 230052420,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615564689
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>In that case, lets go for 26th March then</p>",
        "id": 230052454,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615564704
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I’d rather risk last minute release stuff stealing tme than just <em>knowing</em> that one week to prep makes it more likely that meeting will be bad.)</p>",
        "id": 230052533,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615564742
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"125250\">Wesley Wiser</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-03-12/near/230052359\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"396723\">Érico Nogueira Rolim</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-03-12/near/230052208\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-03-12/near/230051745\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"125250\">Wesley Wiser</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-03-12/near/230051667\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>FWIW I think a lot of that data is in the PR thread but there is quite a bit of discussion in that PR and it can be difficult to follow all of the conversation threads.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Right: I’m <em>hoping</em> that the bulk of the writeup will be condensing what has already been said and following those threads, vs having to do any novel research/design work.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Do you have an example of what a write up would look like? If <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"360752\">Ariadne Conill</span> doesn't have the availability for it, I can try my hand. I have an idea of the overall landscape and have read through most of the issues / PRs.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"396723\">Érico Nogueira Rolim</span> I would be happy to work with you on that especially if that means we can schedule the meeting sooner!</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Over which channel would this be?</p>",
        "id": 230052562,
        "sender_full_name": "Érico Nogueira Rolim",
        "timestamp": 1615564748
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"396723\">Érico Nogueira Rolim</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-03-12/near/230052562\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Over which channel would this be?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>We usually do it over text</p>",
        "id": 230052612,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615564769
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>much like this</p>",
        "id": 230052618,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615564773
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but we can also do zoom</p>",
        "id": 230052625,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615564776
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(or jitsi ; <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"124288\">@oli</span> used that well recently)</p>",
        "id": 230052656,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615564791
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We’re at the hour</p>",
        "id": 230052739,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615564807
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We can PM on Zulip or work out of a <a href=\"http://hackmd.io\">hackmd.io</a>  or even just a GH issue or something.</p>",
        "id": 230052772,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1615564813
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I think we’ve made a rough consensus</p>",
        "id": 230052822,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615564821
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I can own <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/412\">compiler-team#412</a> memshrink retrospective for 19 March, and <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"125250\">@Wesley Wiser</span> can own <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/416\">compiler-team#416</a> for 26 March</p>",
        "id": 230053052,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615564863
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and I can make an Inside Rust blog psot</p>",
        "id": 230053140,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615564876
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>saying so</p>",
        "id": 230053164,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615564879
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>only thing I’d like to figure out is whether it will indeed be just on zulip, or if we’ll use video chat for any ofit</p>",
        "id": 230053265,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615564898
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>lets maybe take a quick straw poll here</p>",
        "id": 230053295,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615564904
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I prefer text chat but can do either</p>",
        "id": 230053472,
        "sender_full_name": "Rich Felker",
        "timestamp": 1615564929
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>If you want meeting in zulip, put <span aria-label=\"flower\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f337\" role=\"img\" title=\"flower\">:flower:</span> emoji. If you want meeting in zoom/jitsi , put <span aria-label=\"video camera\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f4f9\" role=\"img\" title=\"video camera\">:video_camera:</span> emoji. If you don’t care, put <span aria-label=\"shrug\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f937\" role=\"img\" title=\"shrug\">:shrug:</span></p>",
        "id": 230053492,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615564934
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I suspect we’ll defaut to Zulip unless we see a push to do video)</p>",
        "id": 230053770,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615564997
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Okay, great meeting everyone! Thanks to <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"123586\">@nagisa</span> for pointing out real life scheduling concerns! and thank to everyone in <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"897\">@T-compiler/meeting</span> for attending!</p>",
        "id": 230053873,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615565025
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"125250\">Wesley Wiser</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-03-12/near/230052772\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>We can PM on Zulip or work out of a <a href=\"http://hackmd.io\">hackmd.io</a>  or even just a GH issue or something.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Ok, I will hit you up via PM later today so we can sort it out! I will try to reach <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"360752\">@Ariadne Conill</span> to see if there's anything already being worked on too.</p>",
        "id": 230054676,
        "sender_full_name": "Érico Nogueira Rolim",
        "timestamp": 1615565209
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Great, thank you! <span aria-label=\"smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f642\" role=\"img\" title=\"smile\">:smile:</span></p>",
        "id": 230054723,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1615565222
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>To clarify - that 26 Mar meeting would be at the same time? (10 GMT-5)</p>",
        "id": 230055670,
        "sender_full_name": "Max Rees",
        "timestamp": 1615565451
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"396966\">@Max Rees</span> sae time as this meeting, yes</p>",
        "id": 230055770,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615565498
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>To use the fancy Zulip feature, todays meeting was at <time datetime=\"2021-03-12T15:00:00Z\">2021-03-12T10:00:00-05:00</time> and other meetings will be at that same time.</p>",
        "id": 230055890,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1615565534
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>alright cool.  my alarm failed to go off</p>",
        "id": 230082877,
        "sender_full_name": "Ariadne Conill",
        "timestamp": 1615576570
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that date works for me</p>",
        "id": 230083039,
        "sender_full_name": "Ariadne Conill",
        "timestamp": 1615576658
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>does Zulip have PM groups?  or perhaps we can just do a <a href=\"http://hackmd.io\">hackmd.io</a> and share it publicly amongst interested participants</p>",
        "id": 230092221,
        "sender_full_name": "Ariadne Conill",
        "timestamp": 1615580777
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"360752\">Ariadne Conill</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-03-12/near/230092221\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>does Zulip have PM groups?  or perhaps we can just do a <a href=\"http://hackmd.io\">hackmd.io</a> and share it publicly amongst interested participants</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I would prefer a public stream, and maybe have a hackmd you link in the stream</p>",
        "id": 230094536,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1615581766
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-03-12/near/230046173\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116122\">simulacrum</span> since you are also involved in performance-triage process, do you have an opinion there? Should we table scheduling that meeting? (Should the issue be closed at this point, until a broader proposal is put forward?) Or should we have a meeting just to try to force eyeballs on what <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"224872\">rylev</span> has written?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I would <em>really</em>, <em>really</em> like to continue making progress on this. I'm basically just waiting for others to have any free cycles to engage with the ideas I've written down. Change is hard, but I'd like for us to at least try some improvements. The ideas in the document are by no means all or nothing. We can do this incrementally.</p>",
        "id": 230150536,
        "sender_full_name": "rylev",
        "timestamp": 1615627294
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(sorry for not being around - my calendar didn't show this meeting for some reason)</p>",
        "id": 230150599,
        "sender_full_name": "rylev",
        "timestamp": 1615627342
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"224872\">rylev</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-03-12/near/230150599\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>(sorry for not being around - my calendar didn't show this meeting for some reason)</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>that’s weird. Let me know if its a recurring issue in your calendar. The <a href=\"https://rust-lang.github.io/compiler-team/#meeting-calendar\">meeting calendar link</a> looks correct to me, but that doesn’t mean its interoperating properly for everyone.</p>",
        "id": 230358387,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1615820328
    }
]