[
    {
        "content": "<p>hi <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"897\">@T-compiler/meeting</span> ; its time for our planning meeting for the April 2022 cycle</p>",
        "id": 278308502,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1649426574
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>before we get started, are there any announcements that anyone wants to share? Feel free to jot them down while I go get the link ready. :)</p>",
        "id": 278308643,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1649426635
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh, I wanted to file an issue about salsa stuff</p>",
        "id": 278308682,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1649426643
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>as a possible design meeting</p>",
        "id": 278308703,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1649426647
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I have an anouncement of sorts: at ETAPS last week, I talked a lot with <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"312719\">@Xavier Denis</span>, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116109\">@Vytautas Astrauskas [he/him]</span>, and some other folks building Rust verifiers</p>",
        "id": 278308756,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1649426675
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we were talking about minimal changes to rustc that would make their lives way easier</p>",
        "id": 278308790,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1649426687
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so expect some proposals in that direction</p>",
        "id": 278308805,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1649426694
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>there are some amazing hacks out there</p>",
        "id": 278308817,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1649426698
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>one project, which will go unnamed, needs to use typing information (currently, at least) as part of its desugaring, so it does this:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>start the compiler in one thread, block it on a mutex after type-checking</li>\n<li>start another compiler, have it inspect the results from the first one, generate the needed code</li>\n<li>unblock the original and cancel it</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 278308901,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1649426735
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>can't help but admire that</p>",
        "id": 278308918,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1649426744
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(eliminating the need for that sort of thing is precisely what we were exploring)</p>",
        "id": 278308951,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1649426759
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Here are the <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Ameeting-proposal+-label%3Ameeting-scheduled\">unscheduled meeting proposals</a>. We have <em>four</em> this cycle.</p>",
        "id": 278309078,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1649426804
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>filed <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/507\">https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/507</a></p>",
        "id": 278309110,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1649426824
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>though I guess we should be expecting a fifth from niko</p>",
        "id": 278309113,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1649426826
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay</p>",
        "id": 278309118,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1649426828
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>not sure if it made it into that list :)</p>",
        "id": 278309124,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1649426830
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>its there now</p>",
        "id": 278309134,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1649426836
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so, we have: </p>\n<ul>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/507\">compiler-team#507</a> salsa's entity design</li>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/506\">compiler-team#506</a> compiler leadership and succession</li>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/484\">compiler-team#484</a> feature backlog bonanza</li>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/492\">compiler-team#492</a> parallel compilation support strategy</li>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/491\">compiler-team#491</a> the future of Rust incremental compilation</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 278309228,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1649426879
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(sorry, hit enter too soon before. maybe I should change to the other shortcut)</p>",
        "id": 278309358,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1649426929
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and we have these slots to fill: </p>\n<ul>\n<li>2022-04-15</li>\n<li>2022-04-22</li>\n<li>2022-04-29</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 278309415,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1649426956
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(glancing over the types team meeting plans -- which unfortunately partially overlaps with this meeting -- the best week for salsa might be 2022-04-15; I'd have to prep a doc, but I think I can do that)</p>",
        "id": 278309430,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1649426968
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so lets maybe chat first about prioritization: My guess is that the salsa meeting is probably a prereq for <em>both</em> parallel compilation discussion <em>and</em> incr-comp discussion. Niko, does that sound correct to you?</p>",
        "id": 278309568,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1649427017
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>actually, that's not 100% true.</p>",
        "id": 278309616,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1649427052
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the parallel compilation support proposal is solely about: \"Lets talk about what machine resources we want to dedicate to parallel compilation testing, and how we should try to ensure that they are testing what we think they are testing.\"</p>",
        "id": 278309657,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1649427070
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>which is really orthogonal to questions of <em>how to design parallel compilation</em></p>",
        "id": 278309694,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1649427089
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>true</p>",
        "id": 278309812,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1649427129
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, I think salsa is a prereq to the incremental compilation meeting but not the parallel compilation support one.</p>",
        "id": 278309819,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1649427132
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> I had thought the types meeting ended at <time datetime=\"2022-04-08T14:00:00Z\">2022-04-08T10:00:00-04:00</time> ?</p>",
        "id": 278309830,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1649427140
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it is scheduled for 90 minutes</p>",
        "id": 278309849,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1649427150
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><em>oh</em></p>",
        "id": 278309862,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1649427154
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or at least we like to allow 90 for deeper topics</p>",
        "id": 278309867,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1649427157
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that <em>is</em> unfortunate</p>",
        "id": 278309891,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1649427167
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that said, I think I can make whatever work</p>",
        "id": 278309896,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1649427168
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we can also reschedule though. We have held steering meetings at non-standard times</p>",
        "id": 278309936,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1649427187
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(we can do 60 that day)</p>",
        "id": 278309950,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1649427194
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh, that works too</p>",
        "id": 278309961,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1649427198
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'd say just schedule it for whenever works best and I'll figure it out</p>",
        "id": 278310092,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1649427252
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so given that we expect the incr-comp meeting to depend on the salsa meeting, my first question is: <em>can</em> we hope to do an incr-comp meeting in this cycle? Will we have enough time to prepare a proper doc after the salsa meeting?</p>",
        "id": 278310207,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1649427303
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I <em>would</em> like to keep the inertia going from the past incr-comp meeting we had in the last cycle</p>",
        "id": 278310270,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1649427334
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>sounds like doing salsa next week would make that maximally possible</p>",
        "id": 278310381,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1649427374
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>also, I'm a little nervous that we don't have that many stakeholders here in this planning meeting, based on the <span aria-label=\"wave\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44b\" role=\"img\" title=\"wave\">:wave:</span> 's I see on the first message</p>",
        "id": 278310441,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1649427395
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i.e. I don't know if <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"124287\">@mw</span> or <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"125294\">@Aaron Hill</span> are available to help work on an incr-comp doc. (But maybe someone else could help drive that.)</p>",
        "id": 278310517,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1649427426
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>hello guys sorry for delay!</p>",
        "id": 278310693,
        "sender_full_name": "Vincenzo Palazzo",
        "timestamp": 1649427499
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I could probably work with <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"124287\">@mw</span> on an incr-comp document. I guess you're thinking the incremental meeting would be in 2-3 weeks?</p>",
        "id": 278310847,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1649427577
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah I'm thinking we'd have the incr-comp meeting, at the earliest, in the 2022-04-29 slot</p>",
        "id": 278310956,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1649427613
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hi there <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"492566\">@Vincenzo Palazzo</span> ; since I know you're new to the project, I'll just take a moment to fill you in: We (the compiler team) have so-called \"Steering meetings\" every friday</p>",
        "id": 278311138,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1649427704
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>where we can pick a topic and do a deep dive into it for an hour</p>",
        "id": 278311160,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1649427715
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and every four weeks, we dedicate one of those steering meeting slots for a \"planning meeting\" where we decide on the topics for the next three successive weekly steering meetings</p>",
        "id": 278311275,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1649427750
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah i start to see :) thanks to update me</p>",
        "id": 278311356,
        "sender_full_name": "Vincenzo Palazzo",
        "timestamp": 1649427784
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> do you think you can get a salsa doc ready by 2022-04-15? Or would you prefer an extra week?</p>",
        "id": 278311466,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1649427827
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I can</p>",
        "id": 278311475,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1649427831
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I want to do it anyway for other reasons</p>",
        "id": 278311489,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1649427837
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(trying to bootstrap more contributors there and having this doc would be useful for that)</p>",
        "id": 278311547,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1649427846
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Okay. I think that would be ideal; if we delayed it to 2022-04-22, then I'd probably still ask <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"124287\">@mw</span> / <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"125250\">@Wesley Wiser</span> to try to do an early round of private discussion with you so that they could get started on their doc</p>",
        "id": 278311638,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1649427887
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but if its on 2022-04-15, then that's not necessary</p>",
        "id": 278311662,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1649427897
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so right now we're looking at this plan:</p>",
        "id": 278311712,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1649427913
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>2022-04-15: <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/507\">compiler-team#507</a> salsa's entity design</li>\n<li>2022-04-22: unfilled</li>\n<li>2022-04-29: <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/491\">compiler-team#491</a> the future of Rust incremental compilation</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 278311775,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1649427943
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and we have the following proposals to fill the remaining slot:</p>\n<ul>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/506\">compiler-team#506</a> compiler leadership and succession</li>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/484\">compiler-team#484</a> feature backlog bonanza</li>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/492\">compiler-team#492</a> parallel compilation support strategy</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 278311886,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1649427978
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm not yet certain we <em>need</em> a steering meeting on leadership and succession. But I don't particularly feel like the other two items are higher priority either</p>",
        "id": 278311976,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1649428025
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or rather, I do <em>want</em> to give everyone a chance to talk about the leadership doc that I put out (via email, to the compiler-team and now also to the compiler-contributors email list)</p>",
        "id": 278312054,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1649428063
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We did a backlog bonanza last month, right? That can wait I think.</p>",
        "id": 278312148,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1649428088
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay. I feel better having you say that instead of me. :)</p>",
        "id": 278312190,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1649428104
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I would kind of like to get <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/492\">compiler-team#492</a> parallel compilation support strategy taken care of but I wonder if we need a full hour for that?</p>",
        "id": 278312223,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1649428120
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>hmm. That's an idea: We could schedule 30 min for leadership doc discussion, and 30 minutes for parallel compilation support discussion...</p>",
        "id": 278312281,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1649428150
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Like, my gut reaction reading the issue is \"yes, we should be testing that\".</p>",
        "id": 278312310,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1649428165
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I would probably have to par down the leadership doc into something shorter so that it could be read in a more reasonable time to fit into a 30 minute discussion meeting</p>",
        "id": 278312323,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1649428176
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think the leadership doc should get a full hour if we want to make sure people have a chance to read &amp; talk about it.</p>",
        "id": 278312438,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1649428213
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and likewise, the incr-comp doc will probably need a full hour too, based on how the last meeting went</p>",
        "id": 278312531,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1649428254
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm trying to figure out if we should do a separate one-off meeting for parallel compilation support</p>",
        "id": 278312824,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1649428391
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>like, I'm having a hard time deciding how much it will benefit from trying to get full engagement, versus trying to identify the most important stakeholders and just talk directly to them...?</p>",
        "id": 278312880,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1649428419
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116113\">@lqd</span> are you around?</p>",
        "id": 278312899,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1649428428
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I am</p>",
        "id": 278312923,
        "sender_full_name": "lqd",
        "timestamp": 1649428438
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe we can have a chat with the participants on the <a class=\"stream\" data-stream-id=\"247081\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/247081-t-compiler.2Fperformance\">#t-compiler/performance</a> stream to plan a one-off meeting regarding parallel compilation, rather than making it a T-compiler steering meeting thing?</p>",
        "id": 278313061,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1649428489
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I could prepare some summary of the issues I saw with parallel compilation if that would help</p>",
        "id": 278313076,
        "sender_full_name": "lqd",
        "timestamp": 1649428496
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The issue I think we're wrestling with, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116113\">@lqd</span> , is scheduling. :)</p>",
        "id": 278313113,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1649428512
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>like, of human beings time. Not of parallel processing time.</p>",
        "id": 278313143,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1649428525
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'd be available anytime if need be</p>",
        "id": 278313174,
        "sender_full_name": "lqd",
        "timestamp": 1649428540
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"125250\">@Wesley Wiser</span> What do you think? Does this deserve a steering meeting slot?</p>",
        "id": 278313223,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1649428563
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and maybe if it's not worth a full hour like you said, maybe having half parallel compilation issues and half backlog bonanza could work ?</p>",
        "id": 278313267,
        "sender_full_name": "lqd",
        "timestamp": 1649428571
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>because the obvious thing is for me to just leave the leadership discussion to the next cycle.</p>",
        "id": 278313277,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1649428576
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm guess I'm just a little unclear what the scope of the meeting is.</p>",
        "id": 278313284,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1649428580
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The proposal specifically mentions that CI doesn't really seem to be testing it much.</p>",
        "id": 278313311,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1649428597
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Is that the only topic for the meeting or is this intended to be a more general discussion of parallel compilation as well?</p>",
        "id": 278313373,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1649428623
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>If it's the former, it seems like we should just resolve that, I don't know that we need a steering meeting to take action there.</p>",
        "id": 278313464,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1649428658
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>For the latter, a steering meeting absolutely makes sense!</p>",
        "id": 278313513,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1649428678
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah okay</p>",
        "id": 278313516,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1649428679
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>for <em>this</em> proposal, <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/492\">compiler-team#492</a>, we can probably take action without a steering meeting</p>",
        "id": 278313599,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1649428703
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and while we may indeed <em>want</em> a more general discussion of parallel compilation, that is not what is currently on the table. And I rather like the model of \"if you want it discussed, you have to post a proposal.\"</p>",
        "id": 278313686,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1649428745
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(even if it is a proposal you post within the first ten minutes of the planning meeting.)</p>",
        "id": 278313753,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1649428782
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So, okay then: Lets aim for leadership meeting on 2022-04-22. And if it <em>doesn't</em> take up the full hour, then we can backfill the remainder with backlog bonanza?</p>",
        "id": 278313898,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1649428828
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Does that sound good to people?</p>",
        "id": 278313912,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1649428837
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So, final schedule then: </p>\n<ul>\n<li>2022-04-15: <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/507\">compiler-team#507</a> salsa's entity design (nikomatsakis)</li>\n<li>2022-04-22: <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/506\">compiler-team#506</a> compiler leadership and succession (pnkfelix)<ul>\n<li>potentially followed by <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/484\">compiler-team#484</a> feature backlog bonanza (jack huey, pnkfelix)</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>2022-04-29: <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/491\">compiler-team#491</a> the future of Rust incremental compilation (wesley wiser, mw)</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 278314110,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1649428926
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh and let me add owners; <em>there, done</em></p>",
        "id": 278314172,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1649428956
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"125250\">Wesley Wiser</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08/near/278313464\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>If it's the former, it seems like we should just resolve that</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I guess this can go multiple ways: testing it more on CI will require fixing the parallel-compiler ICEs first; or the parallel-compiler support could be removed altogether, but that would be a different meeting topic from <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/492\">compiler-team#492</a></p>",
        "id": 278314187,
        "sender_full_name": "lqd",
        "timestamp": 1649428965
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Okay then, I think we have our marching orders! I need to go eat something, so lets enjoy the 15 minutes we're getting back.</p>",
        "id": 278314373,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1649429060
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>thanks for attending, everyone in <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"897\">@T-compiler/meeting</span> ! (and, welcome to <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"492566\">@Vincenzo Palazzo</span> ; let us know if you need guidance about how to get yourself started or if you hit any roadblocks.)</p>",
        "id": 278314450,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1649429107
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span> Oh I think a giudance can be very helpful to speed up my onboarding process, so if there is any opportunity I will be interested in this</p>",
        "id": 278314627,
        "sender_full_name": "Vincenzo Palazzo",
        "timestamp": 1649429177
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"492566\">Vincenzo Palazzo</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08/near/278314627\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> Oh I think a giudance can be very helpful to speed up my onboarding process, so if there is any opportunity I will be interested in this</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>okay; I made a fresh topic under <a class=\"stream-topic\" data-stream-id=\"182449\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/182449-t-compiler.2Fhelp/topic/guidance.20getting.20started\">#t-compiler/help &gt; guidance getting started</a> to follow through on this.</p>",
        "id": 278316305,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1649429833
    }
]