[
    {
        "content": "<p>hi <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"897\">@T-compiler/meeting</span> , planning meeting starting now!</p>",
        "id": 222868631,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610722898
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(oof, I got double scheduled today, but I'll try to keep an eye on this)</p>",
        "id": 222868675,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1610722915
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We have only <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues?q=is%3Aopen+label%3Ameeting-proposal+-label%3Ameeting-scheduled\">three proposals</a>, two of which I filed scant minutes ago. :)</p>",
        "id": 222868845,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610722967
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think we might've already had perf.rlo discussion? or maybe I'm confusing myself</p>",
        "id": 222868952,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1610723002
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>no, I think I'm misremembering</p>",
        "id": 222869002,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1610723017
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So lets dedicate the first ten minutes to both of: Any announcements? and also: If you have a proposal, feel free to throw it up on <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues?q=is%3Aopen+label%3Ameeting-proposal+-label%3Ameeting-scheduled\">https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues?q=is%3Aopen+label%3Ameeting-proposal+-label%3Ameeting-scheduled</a> (or even type it here and we'll adapt accordingly, i guess).</p>",
        "id": 222869041,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610723030
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(also, it may make sense to fold the perf.rlo discussion (<a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/389\">compiler-team#389</a>) into one of the other proposals, namely the one for perf triage report construction (<a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/400\">compiler-team#400</a>))</p>",
        "id": 222869283,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610723117
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I filed another proposal, btw, for another regression day)</p>",
        "id": 222869841,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1610723311
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but it might make sense for e.g. T-compiler leads + me or so to have a separately scheduled call for that, if attendance from t-compiler wouldn't actually be too helpful</p>",
        "id": 222869928,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1610723345
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I also got double booked for this meeting but will try to participate with some delay)</p>",
        "id": 222869997,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1610723375
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay, that's ten minutes</p>",
        "id": 222870110,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610723408
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It seems like we don't have as many people present in today's meeting compared to our usual sessions</p>",
        "id": 222870231,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610723453
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I think it still makes sense to <em>try</em> to plan out the cycle...</p>",
        "id": 222870274,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610723476
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so the three proposals on the table are: </p>\n<ul>\n<li>(recurring) regression day <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/401\">compiler-team#401</a></li>\n<li>perf triage report construction <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/400\">compiler-team#400</a></li>\n<li>Sprint planning for \"Improve contributor experience\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/399\">compiler-team#399</a></li>\n<li>steering mtg: perf.rlo discussion <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/389\">compiler-team#389</a></li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 222870454,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610723528
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Lets address <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/401\">compiler-team#401</a> first. <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116122\">@simulacrum</span> suggested above that it might be more effective to have regression day be something that the T-compiler leads and <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116122\">@simulacrum</span> handle on their own.</p>",
        "id": 222870547,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610723565
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The main reason I can imagine to try to involve a larger body of people is that we sometimes get useful technical deep dives bouncing ideas off each other when looking at a particular regression</p>",
        "id": 222870625,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610723598
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I agree - I think my main worry is that eating up 1/2 of the slots in each month for planning + regression feels unfortunate, but maybe it's the right call</p>",
        "id": 222870735,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1610723637
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but overall, i suspect that <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116122\">@simulacrum</span> is right that a separate dedicated meeting is the right thing there. Not that we need to keep it secret.</p>",
        "id": 222870771,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610723644
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that is, I would be fine with us scheduling a zoom call and advertising when it will be</p>",
        "id": 222870812,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610723656
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes, that seems fine</p>",
        "id": 222870820,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1610723660
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and I assume we'd be fine with letting anyone from T-compiler + contributors join such a zoom call, right?</p>",
        "id": 222870905,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610723699
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think I'd not try to restrict, but that seems like reasonable set</p>",
        "id": 222870975,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1610723714
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The main benefit I can see of a separate time slot is that we can choose one that works better for the three main stakeholers.</p>",
        "id": 222870984,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610723716
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Oh, sure, there's no reason to restrict, that's true</p>",
        "id": 222871012,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610723723
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>more just about how broad a net to try to cast in the first place.</p>",
        "id": 222871077,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610723738
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay. Lets plan on that then. So we can discard <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/401\">compiler-team#401</a> from the planning for the Friday steering meeting slot then.</p>",
        "id": 222871156,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610723760
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Second, I mentioned up above that we might want to combine <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/389\">compiler-team#389</a> and <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/400\">compiler-team#400</a> into one slot.</p>",
        "id": 222871254,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610723778
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I can sync up with <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span> and <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"125250\">@Wesley Wiser</span> with some times or so later</p>",
        "id": 222871262,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1610723780
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(Do people want a moment to review the text of <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/400\">compiler-team#400</a> and <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/389\">compiler-team#389</a> before commenting on that idea?)</p>",
        "id": 222871409,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610723813
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I basically just want feedback on whether it is a good or bad idea.</p>",
        "id": 222871486,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610723829
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think it would be good to start with perf.rlo website review</p>",
        "id": 222871616,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1610723859
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>once we have some goals in mind, we can better figure out how to achieve them</p>",
        "id": 222871689,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1610723873
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>some things are best done by humans, for now anyway</p>",
        "id": 222871722,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1610723879
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>BTW, rylev posted thoughts over <a href=\"#narrow/stream/247081-t-compiler.2Fperformance/topic/Improving.20Triage/near/222865726\">here</a> on the <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/400\">compiler-team#400</a> proposal.</p>",
        "id": 222871800,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610723888
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>If there's unnecessary work being done on the triage report, seems like it would be good to remove that excess.</p>",
        "id": 222871811,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1610723890
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I agree, I just think that I would structure a review of the triage report not from \"what does it look like right now\" but rather from \"what we want out of it\"</p>",
        "id": 222871947,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1610723919
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116122\">@simulacrum</span> do you think the website review is a big enough topic that we should plan on a full hour slot for it?</p>",
        "id": 222871948,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610723919
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(if we do keep these things as two separate meetings, I <em>definitely</em> agree that the perf website review should come first.)</p>",
        "id": 222872129,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610723956
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and I see the website review as establishing sort of \"what are the goals for tracking performance?\" - e.g., the triage report may serve the \"compiler team should aim to know of any regressions\"</p>",
        "id": 222872147,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1610723960
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think a full hour slot is necessary yes</p>",
        "id": 222872171,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1610723966
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay</p>",
        "id": 222872187,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610723969
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>then we'll just keep the two proposals as separate items then</p>",
        "id": 222872235,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610723982
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so then what we're left with for our planning is:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>perf triage report construction <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/400\">compiler-team#400</a></li>\n<li>Sprint planning for \"Improve contributor experience\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/399\">compiler-team#399</a></li>\n<li>steering mtg: perf.rlo discussion <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/389\">compiler-team#389</a></li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 222872357,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610724007
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"125250\">Wesley Wiser</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-01-15/near/222871811\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>If there's unnecessary work being done on the triage report, seems like it would be good to remove that excess.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>to be clear, I also think this is not super urgent to do, as at least for me it usually takes 30minutes-1hour to prepare, which is not that long.</p>",
        "id": 222872390,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1610724016
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I also think the triage report isn't bad</p>",
        "id": 222872472,
        "sender_full_name": "oliver",
        "timestamp": 1610724051
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I am unsure how to do the sprint planning</p>",
        "id": 222872551,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1610724088
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>\"isn't bad\" as in isn't much overhead to construct? Or \"isn't bad\" as in: It serves a useful purpose today, and serves it well?</p>",
        "id": 222872553,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610724088
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116122\">simulacrum</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-01-15/near/222872551\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I am unsure how to do the sprint planning</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I too am unsure about how best to do it.</p>",
        "id": 222872631,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610724121
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-01-15/near/222872553\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>\"isn't bad\" as in isn't much overhead to construct? Or \"isn't bad\" as in: It serves a useful purpose today, and serves it well?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>a moderate degree of both not much overhead and useful yes</p>",
        "id": 222872661,
        "sender_full_name": "oliver",
        "timestamp": 1610724125
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but: Do you agree that some amount of planning <em>is</em> necessary, if we're going to do things this way?</p>",
        "id": 222872703,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610724137
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>is that in reference to sprints? yes</p>",
        "id": 222872753,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1610724161
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(yeah, sorry, that was in reference to sprints)</p>",
        "id": 222872804,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610724178
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Lets maybe take a few minutes now to talk about this, about how to even go about sprint planning</p>",
        "id": 222872854,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610724204
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we talked last year about the 2021 T-compiler theme being \"improve contributor experience\", right?</p>",
        "id": 222872904,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610724232
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and there were two focus areas that I can remember</p>",
        "id": 222872934,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610724242
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think that was our suggestion, yes</p>",
        "id": 222873019,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1610724262
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>one was: identify a certain kind of change people make, and figure out how to streamline that case</p>",
        "id": 222873032,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610724272
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I am unsure how <em>aligned</em> T-compiler is actually on that though :)</p>",
        "id": 222873045,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1610724280
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>heh</p>",
        "id": 222873059,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610724286
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Well lets assume for now that it remains the theme</p>",
        "id": 222873322,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610724394
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So one thought I'm having now is to literally pick out an example PR, or maybe a set of them</p>",
        "id": 222873548,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610724492
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that make edits to e.g. rustc_middle</p>",
        "id": 222873563,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610724497
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>how hard would it be to set up a perf dashboard showing how well nightly does in compiling that change?</p>",
        "id": 222873643,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610724530
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(presumably in incremental mode, with a previous build in place.)</p>",
        "id": 222873685,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610724546
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Maybe i'm getting too far into the details of what we would talk about in the Sprint Planning meeting itself</p>",
        "id": 222873743,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610724571
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but this kind of question, of what metric we will use to measure progress, is something that we should establish <em>at</em> such a meeting, presumably with brainstorming exercises leading up to the meeting itself</p>",
        "id": 222873894,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610724623
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Does that make sense?</p>",
        "id": 222873920,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610724629
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah I think so</p>",
        "id": 222873970,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1610724648
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>perf.rlo will be somewhat constrained hardware wise on adding that, but we can work something out</p>",
        "id": 222874040,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1610724675
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(possibly by getting more hardware)</p>",
        "id": 222874058,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1610724685
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Anyway the point is that we <em>should</em> have a Sprint Planning meeting</p>",
        "id": 222874337,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610724794
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I worry if we have it too soon, then we won't have time to work out ideas like the above</p>",
        "id": 222874369,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610724807
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I do think someone - I don't have time - needs to spend some time preparing for that meeting by drawing up a proposal we can discuss</p>",
        "id": 222874436,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1610724837
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>But if we have it too late, then that constrains when the sprints themselves will be.</p>",
        "id": 222874441,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610724841
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think this may be true of perf.rlo too, actually</p>",
        "id": 222874496,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1610724849
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah</p>",
        "id": 222874508,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610724855
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe the reality is that <em>all</em> of these need fleshed out proposals</p>",
        "id": 222874562,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610724883
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and that means they need owners</p>",
        "id": 222874580,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610724892
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>which might end up being me. And maybe <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"125250\">@Wesley Wiser</span> for some?</p>",
        "id": 222874609,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610724905
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>is a 'sprint' different than an 'all hands meeting'?</p>",
        "id": 222874880,
        "sender_full_name": "oliver",
        "timestamp": 1610725003
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So, yes: I think the outcome of <em>this</em> meeting, that we are having now, is three-fold: 1. Figure out which steering meetings to have, 2. FIgure out when they will be held, and 3. Figure out who owns writing up proposal/agenda for each such meeting.</p>",
        "id": 222874921,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610725024
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"281739\">@oliver</span> Yes, I think it differs significantly.</p>",
        "id": 222874960,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610725046
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>A sprint, in my mind, is a several day long event where we all try to focus on a shared task</p>",
        "id": 222874990,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610725064
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>In an ideal world we'd have promotion leading up to it to get new contributors involved</p>",
        "id": 222875068,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610725087
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>An important implication of the three-fold purpose I laid out above, is that if we cannot identify an owner for a meeting topic, then we're going to have problems holding that meeting.</p>",
        "id": 222875246,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610725171
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think I'm willing to own <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/389\">compiler-team#389</a> and <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/399\">compiler-team#399</a> though.</p>",
        "id": 222875314,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610725203
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah I just cannot commit to doing the work to get those proposals ready in time, I think, though I could help out</p>",
        "id": 222875342,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1610725205
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Right, the owner doesn't necessarily have to come up with all the content on their own. They are encouraged to reach out to others with relevant expertise.</p>",
        "id": 222875415,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610725241
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and make a coherent document from it. :)</p>",
        "id": 222875435,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610725249
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I suspect I wouldn't have time to own <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/400\">compiler-team#400</a> as well. But based on discussion so far, maybe <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/400\">compiler-team#400</a> can wait for a future design cycle.</p>",
        "id": 222875546,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610725306
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think it can, and it might get sufficiently resolved by general perf discussion</p>",
        "id": 222875684,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1610725360
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(or at least, not need T-compiler steering time)</p>",
        "id": 222875714,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1610725372
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Does anyone remember <em>when</em> we were talking holding the sprints? Was it \"third week of month\" ?</p>",
        "id": 222875716,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610725372
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>for some reason that sticks out in my mind but I don't know why</p>",
        "id": 222875737,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610725379
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>sounds right to me</p>",
        "id": 222875754,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1610725385
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay. so we obviously won't have a sprint in January based on what we've said so far. :)</p>",
        "id": 222875798,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610725402
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I suspect <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/399\">compiler-team#399</a> will only be successful if we can get at least a few members of the compiler team to sign on for the sprints. So we should probably try to get some input from the rest of the team as to 1) what they would be interested in working on and 2) when they might be able to do so.</p>",
        "id": 222875803,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1610725405
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>exactly</p>",
        "id": 222875819,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610725414
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Which I suppose is implying some kind of survey</p>",
        "id": 222875826,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1610725417
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>which was actually part of the point of the meeting proposal</p>",
        "id": 222875849,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610725423
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>at least, thats' what I meant when I wrote \"figure out when to hold them (in terms of when we expect stakeholders and experts to have the most time available to contribute).\"</p>",
        "id": 222875950,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610725446
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-01-15/near/222875716\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Does anyone remember <em>when</em> we were talking holding the sprints? Was it \"third week of month\" ?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>first week of the month iirc</p>",
        "id": 222875970,
        "sender_full_name": "oliver",
        "timestamp": 1610725454
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ah ok. I was thinking more async than \"in the planning meeting\" which was how I read the proposal.</p>",
        "id": 222876004,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1610725469
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>More async might make sense, yeah</p>",
        "id": 222876028,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610725482
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Is the intent with the sprint to be a general contribution drive (e.g. encourage new contributors to start, with a focus on contributor experience, a short impl period of sorts), or to encourage team members/contributors to focus their efforts for a short period?</p>",
        "id": 222876073,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1610725503
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or at least, it would make a lot of sense to <em>gather constraints</em> leading up to the meeting</p>",
        "id": 222876074,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610725503
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116107\">davidtwco</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-01-15/near/222876073\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Is the intent with the sprint to be a general contribution drive (e.g. encourage new contributors to start, with a focus on contributor experience, a short impl period of sorts), or to encourage team members/contributors to focus their efforts for a short period?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>in my mind, I'd like it to be both.</p>",
        "id": 222876106,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610725521
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think focusing efforts and driving <em>design</em> discussion is my goal</p>",
        "id": 222876110,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1610725523
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116107\">davidtwco</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-01-15/near/222876073\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Is the intent with the sprint to be a general contribution drive (e.g. encourage new contributors to start, with a focus on contributor experience, a short impl period of sorts), or to encourage team members/contributors to focus their efforts for a short period?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>but realistically, I think its the second one.</p>",
        "id": 222876148,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610725543
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(i.e.: I expect the expertise needed to improve the contributor experience will not match well with new contributors. I welcome counter-arguments to that claim.)</p>",
        "id": 222876317,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610725604
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it would be, however, interesting to try and identify a way to test that it was, in fact, improved</p>",
        "id": 222876405,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1610725649
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay, well, here's where I'm feeling: I don't think I can make a proposal for the sprint planning meeting in only a week.</p>",
        "id": 222876413,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610725654
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>If it is the former, then things like making sure that tasks are sketched out and some rough mentoring instructions are present, mentors are available and that there's some amount of work ready to go. If it's the latter, then I'm less sure what preparation would be best - some brainstorming of possible improvements to produce a more speculative list of possible work items.</p>",
        "id": 222876469,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1610725677
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-01-15/near/222876317\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>(i.e.: I expect the expertise needed to improve the contributor experience will not match well with new contributors. I welcome counter-arguments to that claim.)</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>the needs are already outlined based on the user survey</p>",
        "id": 222876522,
        "sender_full_name": "oliver",
        "timestamp": 1610725686
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>- streamline contributions to compiler, std libs, and tools<br>\n  - finding suitable issues to work on<br>\n  - code base is hard to learn<br>\n  - identifying the status of an issue, missing documentation<br>\n  - work on organization of information<br>\n  - less glamorous - error docs, <a href=\"http://crates.io\">crates.io</a>, <a href=\"http://docs.rs\">docs.rs</a>, and cargo<br>\n  - compiler is by far the most frequently contributed-to codebase followed by<br>\n    std libs or dev-tools</p>",
        "id": 222876683,
        "sender_full_name": "oliver",
        "timestamp": 1610725746
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So okay, some of that stuff, like \"organization of information\", doesn't require deep technical knowledge of rustc internals.</p>",
        "id": 222876799,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610725802
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>no but it was highlighted during review of the survey</p>",
        "id": 222876884,
        "sender_full_name": "oliver",
        "timestamp": 1610725830
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So are you saying, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"281739\">@oliver</span> , that we <em>could</em> get utility from new contributors here?</p>",
        "id": 222876888,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610725831
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>hm, not sure I agree that it doesn't</p>",
        "id": 222876898,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1610725835
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I would say that it might benefit from folks not on compiler team - someone with an educational background, for example</p>",
        "id": 222876984,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1610725870
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I suppose it depends on what kind of information we are talking about, and where it is coming from.</p>",
        "id": 222876994,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610725871
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the survey results were broad and subject to high-level interpretation</p>",
        "id": 222876995,
        "sender_full_name": "oliver",
        "timestamp": 1610725872
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>hold on, okay, we've only got ten minutes left in meeting</p>",
        "id": 222877077,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610725912
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>At the very least, if we're writing documentation or organizing information to improve the accessibility to new contributors, then we'll need new contributors to evaluate whether or not changes do increase accessibility - what might be most intuitive for a regular contributor w/r/t docs might not be for a new contributor.</p>",
        "id": 222877094,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1610725920
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>this discussion is useful but I want to make sure we decide about which meetings we're going to have, and when we're going to have them.</p>",
        "id": 222877159,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610725930
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>As I said above, if I'm owning the sprint planning, I want at least two weeks for it. I'm debating whether I'd get a more useful result if I had three weeks, but I think two will suffice.</p>",
        "id": 222877286,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610725977
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>which would mean the sprint planning meeting could be on  Friday, January <del>30th</del> 29th.</p>",
        "id": 222877345,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610726002
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I would perhaps suggest we postpone the sprint, if it's going to be tight</p>",
        "id": 222877382,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1610726017
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think it's important we get it right</p>",
        "id": 222877400,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1610726024
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess we can do it twice, or try, but seems better to spend the time rather than rushing it</p>",
        "id": 222877433,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1610726040
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think we definitely cannot commit to having  a Sprint in February</p>",
        "id": 222877446,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610726042
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(it would depend on <em>when</em> in february we'd plan to  have it. Which comes back to this question of whether the intended cadence is for first week of month, or third, etc...)</p>",
        "id": 222877625,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610726106
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but again, planning the timing of the sprint would itself be a subject matter at the sprint planning meeting, at least that's my current mental model.</p>",
        "id": 222877667,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610726130
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>For now, let's say we'll do the Sprint Planning meeting on January <del>30th</del> 29th.</p>",
        "id": 222877741,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610726153
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>sounds good</p>",
        "id": 222877803,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1610726170
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So my next question is: Do we try to do the perf website review on Friday, January 23rd?</p>",
        "id": 222877845,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610726191
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>composing <em>that</em> proposal will be easier</p>",
        "id": 222877898,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610726214
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ah, 22nd</p>",
        "id": 222877900,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1610726215
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh</p>",
        "id": 222877911,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610726219
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh my, I've had all the dates wrong</p>",
        "id": 222877929,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610726225
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I think if you think it's feasible, then yes</p>",
        "id": 222877940,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1610726227
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>That means January <strong>29th</strong> is Sprint Planning</p>",
        "id": 222878005,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610726256
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Well</p>",
        "id": 222878160,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610726325
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>to be honest I 'd probably prefer the perf website review be February <del>6th</del> 5th.</p>",
        "id": 222878191,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610726339
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if only to make sure I am focused on the other proposal first</p>",
        "id": 222878230,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610726355
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I am not feeling rushed on either of them, I think</p>",
        "id": 222878258,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1610726364
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay</p>",
        "id": 222878268,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610726368
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm mostly debating if any of the revisions to perf website will make the sprint itself more effective.</p>",
        "id": 222878309,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610726386
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(others can weigh in differently, of course, we do not have much attendance today)</p>",
        "id": 222878342,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1610726396
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well we're at the hour</p>",
        "id": 222878596,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610726480
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Lets just go ahead and say Feburary <strong>5th</strong> (not sixth. I did it again!)</p>",
        "id": 222878670,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610726509
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So the final result is:</p>",
        "id": 222878745,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610726527
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>Friday January 29th: Sprint planning for \"Improve contributor experience\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/399\">compiler-team#399</a></li>\n<li>Friday February 5th: steering mtg: perf.rlo discussion <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/389\">compiler-team#389</a></li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 222878826,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610726568
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I'm assuming non-compiler team members are welcome to these? I feel like I could contribute to both those discussions.)</p>",
        "id": 222879015,
        "sender_full_name": "rylev",
        "timestamp": 1610726630
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yes!</p>",
        "id": 222879039,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1610726639
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Oh my goodness, yes yes <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"224872\">@rylev</span> !</p>",
        "id": 222879125,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610726655
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>especially on days when we clearly don't have much attendance from T-compiler anyway. :)</p>",
        "id": 222879182,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610726682
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway, thank you to everyone in <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"897\">@T-compiler/meeting</span> for attending!</p>",
        "id": 222879224,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610726703
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Are these meetings always at 15:00 UTC?</p>",
        "id": 222880082,
        "sender_full_name": "rylev",
        "timestamp": 1610727011
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah, currently we have this timeslot dedicated to Triage on Thursdays and Steering on Fridays</p>",
        "id": 222880151,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610727042
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>where \"Steering\" can mean planning, like today, or Deep Dives into a topic (technical or non-technical), based on meeting proposals  posted <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Ameeting-proposal\">here</a></p>",
        "id": 222880237,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610727080
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I do worry if the low attendance today means that we should change the time slot, but there's currently no plans to do so.</p>",
        "id": 222880308,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1610727117
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>Friday January 29th: Sprint planning for \"Improve contributor experience\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/399\">compiler-team#399</a></p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>This is planned for today, right? Where is the meeting taking place?</p>",
        "id": 224477835,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1611930743
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yes, in this channel.</p>",
        "id": 224477916,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1611930777
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but in a different topic, right?</p>",
        "id": 224479591,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1611931514
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>II'll make the topic now</p>",
        "id": 224479623,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1611931525
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Topic: <a class=\"stream-topic\" data-stream-id=\"238009\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bsteering.20meeting.5D.202021-01-29\">#t-compiler/meetings &gt; [steering meeting] 2021-01-29</a></p>",
        "id": 224479801,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1611931592
    }
]