[
    {
        "content": "<p>this will be where the planning meeting takes place on <time datetime=\"2022-03-11T15:00:00Z\">2022-03-11T10:00:00-05:00</time></p>",
        "id": 274888786,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646942945
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hi <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"897\">@T-compiler/meeting</span> , its time for our quad-weekly <em>planning meeting</em>.</p>",
        "id": 274986434,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647010919
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>before we get started, are there any announcements that anyone wants to share? Feel free to jot them down while I go get the link ready. :)</p>",
        "id": 274986530,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647010948
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Here are the <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Ameeting-proposal+-label%3Ameeting-scheduled\">unscheduled meeting proposals</a>. We have <em>six</em> this cycle.</p>",
        "id": 274986825,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647011021
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think the two incr comp proposals could be merged</p>",
        "id": 274986934,
        "sender_full_name": "Aaron Hill",
        "timestamp": 1647011053
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The time slots we are scheduling for are:</p>\n<ul>\n<li><time datetime=\"2022-03-18T14:00:00Z\">2022-03-18T10:00:00-04:00</time> </li>\n<li><time datetime=\"2022-03-25T14:04:00Z\">2022-03-25T10:04:00-04:00</time> </li>\n<li><time datetime=\"2022-04-01T14:09:00Z\">2022-04-01T10:09:00-04:00</time></li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 274986959,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647011067
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"125294\">@Aaron Hill</span> yeah, let me write them all down first concretely here so we all have the meeting names and links in front of us</p>",
        "id": 274987035,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647011104
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think backlog bonanza is probably one that we should periodically do <em>or</em> fill in when exceptionally lacking other topics</p>",
        "id": 274987177,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1647011169
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The meeting proposals are: </p>\n<ul>\n<li>Exposing a versioned, semi-stable MIR interface <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/498\">compiler-team#498</a></li>\n<li>Parallel compilation support strategy <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/492\">compiler-team#492</a></li>\n<li>The future of Rust incremental compilation <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/491\">compiler-team#491</a></li>\n<li>Discuss concrete ways of making incr. comp. more robust <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/490\">compiler-team#490</a></li>\n<li>Meeting proposal: State of formal methods tools in Rust <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/488\">compiler-team#488</a></li>\n<li>Compiler Feature Backlog Bonanza <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/484\">compiler-team#484</a></li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 274987231,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647011199
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"232957\">Jack Huey</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-03-11/near/274987177\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I think backlog bonanza is probably one that we should periodically do <em>or</em> fill in when exceptionally lacking other topics</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I'm trying to understand what you're suggesting here. Do you mean we should <em>ensure</em> that we cover it every cycle (untill the backlog is drained)? Or are you saying we should only dedicate a meeting to it when we <em>don't</em> have a bunch of other proposals?</p>",
        "id": 274987318,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647011249
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>between <code>Discuss concrete ways of making incr. comp. more robust</code> and <code>The future of Rust incremental compilation</code> I guess there's some precedence for one needing to happen before the other?</p>",
        "id": 274987364,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1647011269
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116266\">@Santiago Pastorino</span> there's a suggestion that the two could be merged. Certainly if they're kept separate then I agree, they probably should then be ordered in some way</p>",
        "id": 274987449,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647011300
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The reason for \"future of incr comp\" is the lack of robustness is the current implementation</p>",
        "id": 274987504,
        "sender_full_name": "Aaron Hill",
        "timestamp": 1647011330
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Likewise, the \"Exposing a versioned, semi-stable MIR interface\" is in part motivated by formal methods work, which then ties into \"State of formal methods tools in Rust\"</p>",
        "id": 274987549,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647011347
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think we could have one meeting to discuss short-term and long-term solutions for incr comp</p>",
        "id": 274987560,
        "sender_full_name": "Aaron Hill",
        "timestamp": 1647011353
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>With the long-term being some form of rewrite</p>",
        "id": 274987578,
        "sender_full_name": "Aaron Hill",
        "timestamp": 1647011363
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm inclined to agree  with that: I.e., I don't think we should dedicate more than one meeting this cycle to incr-comp</p>",
        "id": 274987598,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647011375
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-03-11/near/274987318\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"232957\">Jack Huey</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-03-11/near/274987177\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I think backlog bonanza is probably one that we should periodically do <em>or</em> fill in when exceptionally lacking other topics</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I'm trying to understand what you're suggesting here. Do you mean we should <em>ensure</em> that we cover it every cycle (untill the backlog is drained)? Or are you saying we should only dedicate a meeting to it when we <em>don't</em> have a bunch of other proposals?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Maybe that should have been an <em>and</em>. I don't think it necessarily needs to be every cycle. Maybe every couple months make sure we have one meeting. And then if we don't have a bunch of other proposals, that's a good time to make sure we sprinkle it in.</p>",
        "id": 274987641,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1647011389
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if we determine that we need another meeting, it can probably be part of the next cycle.</p>",
        "id": 274987659,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647011391
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Let me ask a question: should we actually take a few minutes now to <em>read over</em> all of the text of the proposals?</p>",
        "id": 274987822,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647011436
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>fwiw, I don't think increasing incr. comp. robustness necessarily requires a re-write</p>",
        "id": 274987824,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1647011437
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>At the very least, I think I want to double-check <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/488\">compiler-team#488</a> before I speak on how it relates to <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/498\">compiler-team#498</a></p>",
        "id": 274987872,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647011465
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay, well, I just read <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/488\">compiler-team#488</a>, and I suspect that there is potential for significant overlap with <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/498\">compiler-team#498</a> there.</p>",
        "id": 274987946,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647011511
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The formal methods overview will definitely inform the discussion of a stable MIR interface, I'd say</p>",
        "id": 274988033,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1647011538
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"124287\">@mw</span> do you agree that we could merge <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/490\">compiler-team#490</a> and <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/491\">compiler-team#491</a>?</p>",
        "id": 274988081,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647011564
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or do you think there's enough material solely for <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/490\">compiler-team#490</a> that trying to broaden to <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/491\">compiler-team#491</a> will just distract?</p>",
        "id": 274988124,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647011590
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't know, both a rather vague at this point :)</p>",
        "id": 274988136,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1647011596
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm currently inclined to say we're going to merge both of the related pairs of proposals.</p>",
        "id": 274988188,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647011616
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if nothing else, it will mean we'll (hopefully) have multiple people who are willing to collaborate on making the doc to drive each meeting.</p>",
        "id": 274988221,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647011640
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>If we take the merging route, then the proposals on the table really are: <br>\nThe meeting proposals are: </p>\n<ul>\n<li>Exposing a versioned, semi-stable MIR interface <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/498\">compiler-team#498</a> /  State of formal methods tools in Rust <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/488\">compiler-team#488</a></li>\n<li>Parallel compilation support strategy <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/492\">compiler-team#492</a></li>\n<li>The future of Rust incremental compilation <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/491\">compiler-team#491</a> / Discuss concrete ways of making incr. comp. more robust <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/490\">compiler-team#490</a></li>\n<li>Compiler Feature Backlog Bonanza <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/484\">compiler-team#484</a></li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 274988354,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647011702
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think discussing how we want to evolve/refine the overall design of incr comp is <strong>great</strong> but in order to evolve the overall design, we're going to need more stability and a better story for dealing with incr comp bugs than just disabling it. I would vote that we have a meeting focused on improving the stability of the feature before we have one to discuss future designs.</p>",
        "id": 274988384,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1647011714
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes, getting more clarity on what the current problems even are seems like a good idea</p>",
        "id": 274988435,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1647011749
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>otherwise, how do we tell if an alternative approach even solves current problems</p>",
        "id": 274988490,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1647011765
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay. in any case, it sounds like a meeting is warranted, and the only question is whether merging the two incr-comp meetings is a good idea, or if the scope should be explicitly limited to just \"the current problems &amp; how to make it more robust\"</p>",
        "id": 274988573,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647011818
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I also think that, given the items listed, the lowest priority one is \"parallel compilation support strategy\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/492\">compiler-team#492</a></p>",
        "id": 274988639,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647011854
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes, that is a long-standing problem</p>",
        "id": 274988695,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1647011876
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>A long-standing problem and one that people have to opt-into via specialized local builds</p>",
        "id": 274988788,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647011911
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i.e. one that isn't going to affect current users</p>",
        "id": 274988807,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647011920
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(apart from it being one of our main paths to making the compiler faster, which everyone of course cares about.)</p>",
        "id": 274988826,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647011936
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Anyway, having said all that, for this cycle its looking like our real proposals are: </p>\n<ul>\n<li>Exposing a versioned, semi-stable MIR interface <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/498\">compiler-team#498</a> /  State of formal methods tools in Rust <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/488\">compiler-team#488</a></li>\n<li>Discuss concrete ways of making incr. comp. more robust <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/490\">compiler-team#490</a></li>\n<li>Compiler Feature Backlog Bonanza <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/484\">compiler-team#484</a></li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 274988865,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647011956
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>And the main question left is: how to schedule them</p>",
        "id": 274988890,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647011972
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Is <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"312719\">@Xavier Denis</span> around?</p>",
        "id": 274988930,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1647011994
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(pinging because <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/488\">compiler-team#488</a> is their proposal)</p>",
        "id": 274989019,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1647012022
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I just PM'ed them</p>",
        "id": 274989021,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647012022
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I confirmed that the person I'm in touch with for the Kani project, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"442621\">@Celina V.</span> , is available for any of the three meeting slots.</p>",
        "id": 274989070,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647012058
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'd like to know <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"124288\">@oli</span> or <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"120791\">@RalfJ</span> 's availability too, in the sense that I'd like a <code>miri</code> owner/stakeholder available for the discussion of MIR stuff</p>",
        "id": 274989176,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647012113
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and I think <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"133247\">@bjorn3</span> is also a stakeholder there (due to cranelift, at least)</p>",
        "id": 274989224,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647012124
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but while we wait to hear back from any of them...</p>",
        "id": 274989261,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647012155
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm curious who wants to own <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/490\">compiler-team#490</a> \"Discuss concrete ways of making incr. comp. more robust\"</p>",
        "id": 274989319,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647012192
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"125294\">@Aaron Hill</span> , I know you were putting forward the point up above that if we don't have a plan for its future, is it premature to be figuring out its stability path</p>",
        "id": 274989354,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647012218
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>My personal opinion is that I don't think we will be outright ripping out the incr-comp code anytime soon.</p>",
        "id": 274989447,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647012247
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I agree</p>",
        "id": 274989462,
        "sender_full_name": "Aaron Hill",
        "timestamp": 1647012254
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and therefore the stability questions will remain relevant for foreseeable future.</p>",
        "id": 274989473,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647012260
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>My thinking was that any future design should avoid the kind of pervasive issues we're having right now</p>",
        "id": 274989521,
        "sender_full_name": "Aaron Hill",
        "timestamp": 1647012288
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so it might make sense to discuss them togther</p>",
        "id": 274989535,
        "sender_full_name": "Aaron Hill",
        "timestamp": 1647012296
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span aria-label=\"wave\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44b\" role=\"img\" title=\"wave\">:wave:</span></p>",
        "id": 274989564,
        "sender_full_name": "Xavier Denis",
        "timestamp": 1647012310
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>But I'm okay with keeping them as separate meetings if that's what other people want</p>",
        "id": 274989573,
        "sender_full_name": "Aaron Hill",
        "timestamp": 1647012315
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay. but, my real question is: Do you want to collaborate on the doc for <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/490\">compiler-team#490</a> ?</p>",
        "id": 274989584,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647012318
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think trying to get a good picture of what these pervasive issues are might be good topic</p>",
        "id": 274989591,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1647012322
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yes :)</p>",
        "id": 274989614,
        "sender_full_name": "Aaron Hill",
        "timestamp": 1647012332
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay. <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"124287\">@mw</span> do you think you could work with <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"125294\">@Aaron Hill</span> on a doc here?</p>",
        "id": 274989630,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647012344
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I can make myself available for any of the planned meetings</p>",
        "id": 274989647,
        "sender_full_name": "oli",
        "timestamp": 1647012354
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes</p>",
        "id": 274989648,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1647012354
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it sounds like <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"125250\">@Wesley Wiser</span> might want to be involved too</p>",
        "id": 274989649,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647012354
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>what are the meeting options beeing discussed?</p>",
        "id": 274989652,
        "sender_full_name": "Xavier Denis",
        "timestamp": 1647012357
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-03-11/near/274986959\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>The time slots we are scheduling for are:</p>\n<ul>\n<li><time datetime=\"2022-03-18T14:00:00Z\">2022-03-18T10:00:00-04:00</time> </li>\n<li><time datetime=\"2022-03-25T14:04:00Z\">2022-03-25T10:04:00-04:00</time> </li>\n<li><time datetime=\"2022-04-01T14:09:00Z\">2022-04-01T10:09:00-04:00</time></li>\n</ul>\n</blockquote>",
        "id": 274989726,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647012372
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>hmm those times are actually off by 4 and 9 minutes</p>",
        "id": 274989758,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647012393
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>they should all be scheduled to start on the hour. :)</p>",
        "id": 274989766,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647012401
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm available for the first two</p>",
        "id": 274989778,
        "sender_full_name": "Xavier Denis",
        "timestamp": 1647012416
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I can't do <time datetime=\"2022-03-25T15:00:00Z\">2022-03-25T16:00:00+01:00</time></p>",
        "id": 274989779,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1647012416
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I tried but zulip foiled me)</p>",
        "id": 274989783,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647012419
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>unfortunately I'll be going to ETAPS for RustVerify 2022 on the 1st :)</p>",
        "id": 274989802,
        "sender_full_name": "Xavier Denis",
        "timestamp": 1647012430
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I can't make any of those, unfortunately</p>",
        "id": 274989805,
        "sender_full_name": "Aaron Hill",
        "timestamp": 1647012433
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh no</p>",
        "id": 274989817,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647012439
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>hmm</p>",
        "id": 274989821,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647012442
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"125294\">@Aaron Hill</span> when would you be available next?</p>",
        "id": 274989859,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1647012462
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well the good news is that you care more about teh \"Ftuure of\" question</p>",
        "id": 274989865,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647012465
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think it's pretty important to have <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"125294\">@Aaron Hill</span> in the incr comp meeting.</p>",
        "id": 274989867,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1647012467
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so maybe that's all the more reason for it to be a separate meeting</p>",
        "id": 274989876,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647012473
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"248906\">@cjgillot</span> as well if they can make it <span aria-label=\"smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f642\" role=\"img\" title=\"smile\">:smile:</span></p>",
        "id": 274989879,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1647012475
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I would be available at 12, or anytime after 4, on those same days</p>",
        "id": 274989947,
        "sender_full_name": "Aaron Hill",
        "timestamp": 1647012488
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"125250\">@Wesley Wiser</span> yeah. maybe we need to pick a different time slot</p>",
        "id": 274989952,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647012491
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"125294\">@Aaron Hill</span> can you include time zone?</p>",
        "id": 274989967,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647012499
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>EST</p>",
        "id": 274989982,
        "sender_full_name": "Aaron Hill",
        "timestamp": 1647012506
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay so we're talking e.g. <time datetime=\"2022-03-18T16:00:00Z\">2022-03-18T12:00:00-04:00</time></p>",
        "id": 274990021,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647012525
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I think the USA clocks are changing this weekend, BTW)</p>",
        "id": 274990048,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647012541
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>After 4pm is going to be very hard on Europe <span aria-label=\"slight frown\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f641\" role=\"img\" title=\"slight frown\">:slight_frown:</span></p>",
        "id": 274990072,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1647012552
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(which is all te more reason to use zulips <code>&lt;time</code> thing for scheduling</p>",
        "id": 274990087,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647012558
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>12 pm noon est, that is - not midnight :)</p>",
        "id": 274990118,
        "sender_full_name": "Aaron Hill",
        "timestamp": 1647012577
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oops</p>",
        "id": 274990128,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647012584
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>let me fix that</p>",
        "id": 274990133,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647012587
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-03-11/near/274990021\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>okay so we're talking e.g. <time datetime=\"2022-03-18T16:00:00Z\">2022-03-18T12:00:00-04:00</time></p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>fixed</p>",
        "id": 274990189,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647012605
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay, so let me circle back to <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"312719\">@Xavier Denis</span> for a moment</p>",
        "id": 274990253,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647012634
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>That time slot works for me but yea, late (local time) meetings on Fridays are not great for a lot of ppl</p>",
        "id": 274990269,
        "sender_full_name": "oli",
        "timestamp": 1647012647
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-03-11/near/274990189\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-03-11/near/274990021\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>okay so we're talking e.g. <time datetime=\"2022-03-18T16:00:00Z\">2022-03-18T12:00:00-04:00</time></p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>fixed</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>That works for me too</p>",
        "id": 274990273,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1647012648
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"312719\">@Xavier Denis</span>  cannot do April 1st</p>",
        "id": 274990275,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647012650
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"124287\">@mw</span>  cannot do Mar 25th</p>",
        "id": 274990310,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647012671
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't need to be present for formal methods, I can read the log</p>",
        "id": 274990382,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1647012703
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Do we think we could have an incr-comp meeting doc ready by March 18? I'm guessing we would be better off planning it for April 1st.</p>",
        "id": 274990489,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647012742
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>That works for me</p>",
        "id": 274990514,
        "sender_full_name": "Aaron Hill",
        "timestamp": 1647012758
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess it depends on how much benefit we expect to get from allowing more time for doc curation</p>",
        "id": 274990521,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647012765
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>versus just scheduling something sooner and living with whatever sketches <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"124287\">@mw</span> and <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"125294\">@Aaron Hill</span> come up with</p>",
        "id": 274990544,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647012783
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I have a slight preference for Apr 1</p>",
        "id": 274990612,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1647012826
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but my current inclination is to schedule incr-comp mtg for April 1st, and backlog bonanza for March 18th (a week from today), and Formal Methods/MIR for March 25th</p>",
        "id": 274990614,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647012830
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and we will pick a non-standard time slot for the April 1st meeting, to accommodate <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"125294\">@Aaron Hill</span> 's schedule. Does that all sound right?</p>",
        "id": 274990695,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647012856
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So, to be concrete:</p>\n<ul>\n<li><time datetime=\"2022-03-18T14:00:00Z\">2022-03-18T10:00:00-04:00</time> : <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/484\">compiler-team#484</a> \"Backlog Bonanza\"</li>\n<li><time datetime=\"2022-03-25T14:00:00Z\">2022-03-25T10:00:00-04:00</time> : <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/488\">compiler-team#488</a> , <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/498\">compiler-team#498</a> : \"Formal Methods in Rust, and exposing a MIR interface\"</li>\n<li><time datetime=\"2022-04-01T16:00:00Z\">2022-04-01T12:00:00-04:00</time> : <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/490\">compiler-team#490</a> \"Making incr-comp more robust\"</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 274990844,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647012941
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>in terms of owning docs to drive meetings: <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"232957\">@Jack Huey</span> are you willing to  drive <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/484\">compiler-team#484</a>? Hopefully this time around I'll provide more ahead-of-time help... ?</p>",
        "id": 274990949,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647012991
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Are we joining <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/488\">compiler-team#488</a> , <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/498\">compiler-team#498</a>  or keeping them separate?</p>",
        "id": 274990975,
        "sender_full_name": "Celina V.",
        "timestamp": 1647013011
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and I think <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"312719\">@Xavier Denis</span> and I can drive <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/488\">compiler-team#488</a> and <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/498\">compiler-team#498</a>. I'll probably enlist <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"442621\">@Celina V.</span> to assist. (And hopefully get input from <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"124288\">@oli</span> and <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"120791\">@RalfJ</span></p>",
        "id": 274991010,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647013036
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"442621\">@Celina V.</span> my current inclination is to join them.</p>",
        "id": 274991031,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647013052
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I can, yes</p>",
        "id": 274991041,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1647013061
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Will be there. Do we have a doc for async ahead of time input?</p>",
        "id": 274991101,
        "sender_full_name": "oli",
        "timestamp": 1647013083
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>sounds good, I currently have a draft document for <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/488\">compiler-team#488</a>, I'll clean it up and expand it with some recent inputs i got</p>",
        "id": 274991104,
        "sender_full_name": "Xavier Denis",
        "timestamp": 1647013084
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-03-11/near/274991031\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"442621\">Celina V.</span> my current inclination is to join them.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>or at least, I think having an understanding of what different formal methods tools are doing will inform our plans for a MIR interface.</p>",
        "id": 274991132,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647013097
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yes, I agree. As long as we don't keep MIR interface restricted to the formal methods tool space.</p>",
        "id": 274991236,
        "sender_full_name": "Celina V.",
        "timestamp": 1647013159
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I talked to <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> for a while about this problem last night. The short answer is, they gave a thumbs up to putting in efforts here, and specifically said that while in MIR's original design they had thought that a single MIR design could support both static reasoning <em>and</em> support for compiler optimizations, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> now thinks that may have been a bit naive</p>",
        "id": 274991276,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647013180
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"442621\">Celina V.</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-03-11/near/274991236\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Yes, I agree. As long as we don't keep MIR interface restricted to the formal methods tool space.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>ah I see. That's a reasonable concern. I'll make sure to engage with other stakeholders, specifically <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"133247\">@bjorn3</span></p>",
        "id": 274991366,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647013208
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I don't know whether \"miri\" falls into \"formal methods\" space or not, but its another obvious stakeholder.)</p>",
        "id": 274991398,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647013229
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-03-11/near/274991276\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I talked to <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> for a while about this problem last night. The short answer is, they gave a thumbs up to putting in efforts here, and specifically said that while in MIR's original design they had thought that a single MIR design could support both static reasoning <em>and</em> support for compiler optimizations, <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> now thinks that may have been a bit naive</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>(the good news about this insight is that it may lead us to specify one stable form of MIR to support static reasoning, and have a <em>different</em>, compiler internal MIR that is extended to support encoding the results of certain optimizations.)</p>",
        "id": 274991477,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647013280
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"124288\">oli</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-03-11/near/274991101\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Will be there. Do we have a doc for async ahead of time input?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>We will definitely be drafting a doc ahead of time</p>",
        "id": 274991619,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647013329
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and I think in this case it will be a good idea for us to circulate that doc amongst the interested stakeholders <em>before</em> the meeting, if possible.</p>",
        "id": 274991662,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647013358
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm curious to know what kind of information would be in one and not in the other form of MIR. But we can discuss that in the meeting. :)</p>",
        "id": 274991685,
        "sender_full_name": "Celina V.",
        "timestamp": 1647013373
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm curious in how far can we provide a semi-stable MIR interface without making the entire compiler compile using stable. For example rustc_serialize uses specialization.</p>",
        "id": 274991879,
        "sender_full_name": "bjorn3",
        "timestamp": 1647013468
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah we'll need to talk about that.</p>",
        "id": 274991962,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647013525
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The compiler definitely is a good testing ground for nightly features, so we might not want to require stable for it</p>",
        "id": 274992072,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1647013582
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>one distinction that is probably going to come up is: How much of this is trying to refactor components of the compiler to be themselves exposed as external crates, vs how much is \"just bolt on new compiler features that can output a \"new\" stable format.</p>",
        "id": 274992084,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647013587
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>this is something that <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"442621\">@Celina V.</span> teased apart in an outline she was showing me</p>",
        "id": 274992131,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647013615
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>vs can the metadata serialization itself be moved to stable without moving the rest to stable.</p>",
        "id": 274992152,
        "sender_full_name": "bjorn3",
        "timestamp": 1647013633
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>right, exactly</p>",
        "id": 274992166,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647013644
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway, I <em>think</em> we've settled on our dates and our doc owners, right?</p>",
        "id": 274992195,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647013660
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, I'm kind of thinking the \"stable MIR interface\" is not just a versioning scheme on top of the internal rustc data structures which would require freezing their implementations but rather a well-defined serialization format.</p>",
        "id": 274992219,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1647013676
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think we've covered everything we need to cover in our planning meeting. I want to thank everyone in <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"897\">@T-compiler/meeting</span> for coming, as well as our domain experts who made time to show up and let us know their availability. Thanks y'all!</p>",
        "id": 274992373,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647013762
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>These meetings all look super interesting; I'm very much looking forward to them!</p>",
        "id": 274992422,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1647013792
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"125294\">@Aaron Hill</span>, I'll have time for preparing a doc starting next week. Maybe we can start discussing things in t-compiler/wg-incr-comp then.</p>",
        "id": 274993226,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1647014185
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"124287\">mw</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-03-11/near/274993226\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"125294\">Aaron Hill</span>, I'll have time for preparing a doc starting next week. Maybe we can start discussing things in t-compiler/wg-incr-comp then.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I started a topic ahead of time in <a class=\"stream-topic\" data-stream-id=\"241847\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/241847-t-compiler.2Fwg-incr-comp/topic/prep.20for.20compiler-team.23490\">#t-compiler/wg-incr-comp &gt; prep for compiler-team#490</a></p>",
        "id": 274999566,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1647017044
    }
]