[
    {
        "content": "<p>Hi <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"897\">@T-compiler/meeting</span> ; planning meeting starts now!</p>",
        "id": 268024523,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1642172489
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(add a <span aria-label=\"wave\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44b\" role=\"img\" title=\"wave\">:wave:</span> up top to show you’re here)</p>",
        "id": 268024577,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1642172511
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we have one meeting proposal</p>",
        "id": 268024686,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1642172547
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>burn down tower of P-high issues <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/479\">compiler-team#479</a></p>",
        "id": 268024711,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1642172562
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>in addition, I think we’ve talked about trying to pre-allocate time to deal with backport nominations, or even beta regressions in general rather</p>",
        "id": 268024761,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1642172584
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I think we’ve also decided that dealing with backports/regressions that pile up could be handled by a subgroup in a dedicated meeting</p>",
        "id": 268024914,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1642172645
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(i.e. <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"125250\">@Wesley Wiser</span> , myself, and <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116122\">@simulacrum</span> . At least, that’s worked pretty well in the past.)</p>",
        "id": 268024962,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1642172663
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>there isn’t much of a concrete proposal yet for <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/479\">compiler-team#479</a></p>",
        "id": 268025025,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1642172687
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think in my head, what I was hoping was that <em>before</em> the meeting, the topic owner (probably me) would build up a doc that categorizes the set of P-high issues</p>",
        "id": 268025077,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1642172708
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14/near/268024761\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>in addition, I think we’ve talked about trying to pre-allocate time to deal with backport nominations, or even beta regressions in general rather</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>The next release is Feb 24, so we should consider scheduling time on Feb 4 or Feb 11 for that.</p>",
        "id": 268025081,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1642172710
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14/near/268025077\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I think in my head, what I was hoping was that <em>before</em> the meeting, the topic owner (probably me) would build up a doc that categorizes the set of P-high issues</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>and then the team would collectively go through that document and discuss the plans for the different bugs</p>",
        "id": 268025153,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1642172758
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Do people here think that would make sense? Or does someone have a different structure to propose? <em>Does</em> it make sense to dedicate a synchronous meeting time slot to this? (It seems to me like people who want to come can attend, and people who are not interested can just not come)</p>",
        "id": 268025343,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1642172848
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It might be cool to even try to open the discussion of the P-high issues up to broader portion of the community, maybe...</p>",
        "id": 268025403,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1642172879
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think it'd be a useful question to ask the extent to which p-{low,med,high} are \"actively used\" -- prior to aiming to triage them/address them. I think we use them for triage meeting agendas, but not sure if for other things.</p>",
        "id": 268025543,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1642172939
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>you mean in the sense of “do these priorities reflect the reality of how important these things are” ?</p>",
        "id": 268025758,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1642173041
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>no, in the sense of \"is someone looking at these labels\"</p>",
        "id": 268025782,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1642173058
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we certainly could also <em>attempt</em> to review a broader set of tickets to try to confirm if the priorities are accurate</p>",
        "id": 268025783,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1642173058
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Question: who should \"own\" P-high issues? Is really individuals? Or should it be sub-teams/working groups</p>",
        "id": 268025895,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1642173108
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>when I look at individual tickets or small sets of tickets, I do look at the labels to get an idea of importance</p>",
        "id": 268025915,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1642173117
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I do not attempt to review the whole set of all P-high or P-medium issues as a grop</p>",
        "id": 268025982,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1642173132
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We're also assuming that tickets are properly labelled in the first place <span aria-label=\"eyes\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f440\" role=\"img\" title=\"eyes\">:eyes:</span></p>",
        "id": 268026025,
        "sender_full_name": "Esteban Küber",
        "timestamp": 1642173151
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>right, that was what I was getting at when I said that we <em>could</em> attempt a broader review</p>",
        "id": 268026078,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1642173178
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>at the very least, reviewing the P-high issues would give us an opportunity to downgrade prioirty of some items</p>",
        "id": 268026119,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1642173193
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Mislabels are not as big a problem as unlabeled important tickets (but maybe this doesn't happen as much?)</p>",
        "id": 268026249,
        "sender_full_name": "Esteban Küber",
        "timestamp": 1642173241
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Well, a mislabelled important ticket may be worse than an unlabelled important ticket...</p>",
        "id": 268026352,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1642173271
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I think we’re pretty conserative about downgrading labels</p>",
        "id": 268026379,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1642173283
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Do we have a \"formal\" definition of what each priority means?</p>",
        "id": 268026417,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1642173303
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I know we have taken stabs at coming up with definitions</p>",
        "id": 268026474,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1642173329
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think the only one it's clear for in P-critical</p>",
        "id": 268026562,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1642173362
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>There's also a pretty large backlog of issues that haven't been interacted with in years. (<a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+sort%3Aupdated-asc\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+sort%3Aupdated-asc</a>)</p>",
        "id": 268026669,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1642173412
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think in reality the practical definition <em>is</em> how the label is used in practice. Which means: P-critical is potential release blocker. Al P-high means is that it will be included in the weekly count at the triage meeting. (And P-high regressions will be considered explicitly at weekly triage meeting). P-medium/P-low is ignored</p>",
        "id": 268026720,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1642173436
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don’t think this is ideal, but it is what we’ve done thus far.</p>",
        "id": 268026763,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1642173455
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"232957\">Jack Huey</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14/near/268026417\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Do we have a \"formal\" definition of what each priority means?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p><a href=\"https://forge.rust-lang.org/compiler/prioritization/priority-levels.html\">https://forge.rust-lang.org/compiler/prioritization/priority-levels.html</a></p>",
        "id": 268026868,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1642173488
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh thank you <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"125250\">@Wesley Wiser</span></p>",
        "id": 268026912,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1642173511
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>In some ways, my attempt to schedule this meeting is me <em>assuming</em> that 1. the definitions in that forge link are accurate and 2. the P-labels are semi-accurate</p>",
        "id": 268027056,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1642173577
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and thus, I’m vaguely concerned about the number of P-high issues. They are supposed to be things we keep our eye on.</p>",
        "id": 268027173,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1642173612
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"232957\">@Jack Huey</span> had a good point, in that some individual sub-teams may actually have a handle on their respective set of P-high issues</p>",
        "id": 268027263,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1642173650
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think the exercise of going through the set would still be meaningful. Its just a question of whether we should bother scheduling a friday meeting to talk about them makes sense.</p>",
        "id": 268027372,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1642173694
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Personally, I think having a sub-team own a P-high issue gives a higher probability that it gets brought up and moved forward</p>",
        "id": 268027402,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1642173705
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so that seems like the kind of categorization that could be useful</p>",
        "id": 268027425,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1642173721
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i.e., which P-high issues have a subteam that owns them</p>",
        "id": 268027488,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1642173731
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and which do not</p>",
        "id": 268027491,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1642173734
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Whereas P-critical issues are those that <em>really</em> need to be moved forward quickly and needs one person at least to actively monitor it</p>",
        "id": 268027518,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1642173747
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think the categorization you alluded to earlier would be helpful and perhaps discussing the categories of issues rather than specific issues themselves would be more useful.</p>",
        "id": 268027566,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1642173767
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I kind of forgot that this is a planning meeting, not an issue priority meeting <span aria-label=\"cold sweat\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f630\" role=\"img\" title=\"cold sweat\">:cold_sweat:</span></p>",
        "id": 268027948,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1642173912
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so here’s my current thinking: I’m willing to take the time to do the analysis here and write the doc that drives the meeting</p>",
        "id": 268028037,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1642173947
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I suspect I want/need more than next week to do it</p>",
        "id": 268028117,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1642173970
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and I kind of would like a partner who will at least be there for me to bounce ideas off of, and read the doc, etc</p>",
        "id": 268028167,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1642173998
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>If we do want to assign P-high issues to sub-teams, that might be a decent meeting</p>",
        "id": 268028172,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1642174002
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes I think that could be good outcome</p>",
        "id": 268028222,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1642174022
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I can help async for sure</p>",
        "id": 268028230,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1642174028
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14/near/268028167\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>and I kind of would like a partner who will at least be there for me to bounce ideas off of, and read the doc, etc</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I'd be happy to schedule some time for that !</p>",
        "id": 268028246,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1642174037
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and to have concrete knowledge of which issues (or just how many) do not have a subteam</p>",
        "id": 268028264,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1642174044
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Maybe sync if we can schedule it</p>",
        "id": 268028270,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1642174048
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Okay. When is best for us to aim to have this ready by? January 28th, or February 4th?</p>",
        "id": 268028328,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1642174072
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"125250\">Wesley Wiser</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14/near/268025081\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14/near/268024761\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>in addition, I think we’ve talked about trying to pre-allocate time to deal with backport nominations, or even beta regressions in general rather</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>The next release is Feb 24, so we should consider scheduling time on Feb 4 or Feb 11 for that.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>keeping this in mind, I think we should allocate Feb 4th for regression/backport status review</p>",
        "id": 268028461,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1642174126
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and I’d like to have the P-high status review on January 28th.</p>",
        "id": 268028491,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1642174139
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Feel free to include me if you so desire</p>",
        "id": 268028501,
        "sender_full_name": "Esteban Küber",
        "timestamp": 1642174144
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>great</p>",
        "id": 268028509,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1642174147
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Do you think two weeks is enough time?</p>",
        "id": 268028520,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1642174153
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>If its not, then we’ll cancel</p>",
        "id": 268028540,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1642174160
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I’m okay with that</p>",
        "id": 268028556,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1642174166
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(i’m also still planning to carve out time to work on perf.rlo UX changes.)</p>",
        "id": 268028701,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1642174211
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(but that’s not a design meeting issue. I’m just talking about loud, trying to keep myself honest about my plans)</p>",
        "id": 268028749,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1642174231
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Are people cool with this plan then? </p>\n<ul>\n<li>January 28th: P-high bonfire</li>\n<li>February 4th: beta regression/backport status review</li>\n</ul>\n<p>And is there anything else anyone wants to bring up?</p>",
        "id": 268028911,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1642174296
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>That seems fine.</p>",
        "id": 268028943,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1642174310
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>If everyone is good with that plan, then I’ll draft a blog post.</p>",
        "id": 268028948,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1642174312
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if all is well, I’m good with ending the meeting early (i’ve got some child care stuff to take care of).</p>",
        "id": 268029064,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1642174355
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I've thinking it would be good to try to set some compiler team goals for 2022. But I think the first step there is some kind of survey or something where we can ask what team members are interested in working on this year.</p>",
        "id": 268029099,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1642174374
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So no meeting yet.</p>",
        "id": 268029116,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1642174385
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Oh yes, that would be a good idea. Maybe we should figure out a survey soon, and try to get results in time for the next planning meeting?</p>",
        "id": 268029157,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1642174407
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that’s a really good idea. <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"125250\">@Wesley Wiser</span> do you want to own coming up with survey Q’s?</p>",
        "id": 268029193,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1642174431
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Sure!</p>",
        "id": 268029217,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1642174440
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Okay. I’m going to step away. Thanks to everyone in <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"897\">@T-compiler/meeting</span> for attending!</p>",
        "id": 268029285,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1642174458
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14/near/268025783\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>we certainly could also <em>attempt</em> to review a broader set of tickets to try to confirm if the priorities are accurate</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"119031\">Esteban Küber</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14/near/268026025\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>We're also assuming that tickets are properly labelled in the first place <span aria-label=\"eyes\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f440\" role=\"img\" title=\"eyes\">:eyes:</span></p>\n</blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span>  These are two reasons why ....</p>",
        "id": 268610391,
        "sender_full_name": "apiraino",
        "timestamp": 1642629938
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>and I’d like to have the P-high status review on January 28th.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>... I'd like to participate to this advanced triaging meeting (if possible and not an organization burden). I see a lot of room for improvement on my end when trying to prioritize regressions (often times I don't have the context to really provide a balanced judgement).</p>",
        "id": 268610413,
        "sender_full_name": "apiraino",
        "timestamp": 1642629950
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I may give notice also in wg-prioritization group (maybe someone there might be interested, just my guess).</p>",
        "id": 268610593,
        "sender_full_name": "apiraino",
        "timestamp": 1642630032
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"250987\">@apiraino</span> you mean you want to be part of the friday meeting? or do you mean part of the document being prepared <em>for</em> that friday meeting?</p>",
        "id": 268613347,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1642631523
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The meeting. To listen to your comments about the issues <br>\n(if I have time I will read also the document but that's all I can afford to do in terms of time available)</p>",
        "id": 268613589,
        "sender_full_name": "apiraino",
        "timestamp": 1642631689
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(the doc. will be prepared asynchronously before the meeting - right?)</p>",
        "id": 268613657,
        "sender_full_name": "apiraino",
        "timestamp": 1642631735
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes, I started working on it (or at least some analysis) today</p>",
        "id": 268613675,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1642631749
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14/near/268027056\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>In some ways, my attempt to schedule this meeting is me <em>assuming</em> that 1. the definitions in that forge link are accurate and 2. the P-labels are semi-accurate</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I'll post some thoughts I have (purely my own perspective, of course). It might also be worthwhile bringing in more of wg-prioritization for discussions about this. I have the highest confidence in apiraino, our lead, more perspectives can hardly hurt.</p>\n<p>Generally, each prioritization is commented on by multiple members of the WG. The prioritization that results is a consensus of those that comment. However, we don't really... look at a criteria sheet? I'm pretty sure I've read that at some point in the past, but I don't know the last time I looked at it personally. In practice, discussions are more subjective than that, so one thing a few members have been concerned about is that we could be vulnerable to drift over time.</p>\n<p>That being said, I think our prioritization are generally reasonable, and that our use of <code>P-critical</code> more or less aligns with those criteria, though we are probably a bit more restrictive. For instance, an ICE on invalid code is never assigned a <code>P-critical</code>, even if there's no meaningful error. <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/91206\">#91206</a>, which is about the most common imaginable such ICE, only got <code>P-high</code>. <code>P-medium</code> would be the norm. </p>\n<p>There are also a bunch of factors we consider that go beyond what's on that sheet. For instance, that classification doesn't describe how to deal with performance regressions. The way a performance regression needs to be handled depends greatly on the size of the regression. There are cases where we see regressions that are so bad the code may as well not compile at all, but it's not clear where the cutoff for that is. Additionally, for platform specific problems, we often consider the tier of the platform.</p>\n<p>I'd personally kind of like to see a more comprehensive review where both T-compiler and WG-prioritization are involved, and issues of all prioritizations are sampled. Something explicitly focused on ensuring that prioritizations are accurate and useful across the board, beyond just assigning <code>P-high</code> issues. We could make sure that the criteria we use match up with what T-compiler wants, and then update the written documentation to match what we use in practice. That's just an idea I had though, and I in no way speak for the WG, nor have I previously discussed this this with anyone else on it.</p>",
        "id": 268810614,
        "sender_full_name": "inquisitivecrystal",
        "timestamp": 1642754713
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm not sure I said what I wanted to say well. I felt like I had to post some version of that sooner or later if I ever wanted to communicate my thoughts though.</p>",
        "id": 268810822,
        "sender_full_name": "inquisitivecrystal",
        "timestamp": 1642754859
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I definitely appreciate the writeup</p>",
        "id": 268847034,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1642774021
    }
]