[
    {
        "content": "<p>Hi <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"897\">@T-compiler/meeting</span> ; we'll be having a steering meeting to discuss the 2020-2021 roadmap in about 17 minutes.</p>",
        "id": 199155494,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1590759811
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hello <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"897\">@T-compiler/meeting</span> -- roadmap discussion starting imminently -- <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/3ES5_GhwTzOVmPS8AuaVvw\">base hackmd document</a> </p>\n<p>But let's kick it off with a few minutes for</p>\n<h1>Announcements</h1>",
        "id": 199157678,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590760816
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>we're supposed to do followup discussion of \"error: expected identifier when building time-macros-impl v0.1.1\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/72545\">#72545</a></li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 199157719,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1590760840
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><del>* Also I believe that before we <em>truly</em> begin there was an item on the agenda (<a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/72545\"><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/72545\">#72545</a></a>)</del></p>",
        "id": 199157721,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590760841
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I don't know if that's an annoucment .. jinx!)</p>",
        "id": 199157736,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1590760851
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>also I probably <em>should</em> have discussed this other bug yesterday: 'rustc' panicked at 'failed to lookup <code>SourceFile</code> in new context' <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/70924\">#70924</a></p>",
        "id": 199157775,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1590760880
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>which is a stable-to-beta regression that ... I think I now have a fix for ... but I don't know whether I should be rushing for a backport, or just let it go into stable for now</p>",
        "id": 199157834,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1590760916
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it's a pretty bad incremental bug</p>",
        "id": 199157951,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1590760969
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'd backport probably if we have good confidence in the fix not breaking more (even if we're unsure it fixes it)</p>",
        "id": 199157974,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1590760987
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"119009\">@eddyb</span> 's theory is that it only is exposed when you add/remove the <code>rust-src</code> component</p>",
        "id": 199157979,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1590760990
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>which I would have thought happens very rarely</p>",
        "id": 199158007,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1590761002
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(<em>updates</em> to that component may or may not also affect it, to be clear. Specifically updates that add/remove file paths)</p>",
        "id": 199158033,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1590761020
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but it may not be as rare as you might think, because RLS and rust-analyzer install that compoment</p>",
        "id": 199158059,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1590761038
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the problem isn't the files inside, it's the presence of the component as a whole</p>",
        "id": 199158101,
        "sender_full_name": "eddyb",
        "timestamp": 1590761043
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway I don't want to railroad the meeting</p>",
        "id": 199158214,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1590761089
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116122\">@simulacrum</span> thinks its worth prioritizing for the beta, then I can coordinate with <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116122\">@simulacrum</span> and hopefully <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"119009\">@eddyb</span>  on getting my fix in</p>",
        "id": 199158275,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1590761115
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>sounds good</p>",
        "id": 199158295,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590761124
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess let's discuss <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/72545\">#72545</a></p>",
        "id": 199158336,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590761138
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>what is there to discuss? a revert seems like a clear choice?</p>",
        "id": 199158547,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1590761229
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(why would we not?)</p>",
        "id": 199158557,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1590761234
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm trying to refresh my memory of what this even is</p>",
        "id": 199158573,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590761244
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>actually I cannot remember why I said we needed to discuss this today instead of next week</p>",
        "id": 199158591,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1590761252
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok, right, so we changed some details of procedural macro , which broke some crates, the consensus seems to be that</p>\n<ul>\n<li>the changes were correct</li>\n<li>but they are having outsized impact and we didn't the prep work to make it smooth</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 199158645,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590761278
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I also think that a revert plus a more \"peaceful\" landing makes sense</p>",
        "id": 199158748,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590761318
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm not sure <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span> if there are timing reasons we ought to be discussing this now, I guess reverting gets increasingly difficut</p>",
        "id": 199158794,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590761341
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it seems like there's not anything urgent here? maybe we should table it till thursday or so?</p>",
        "id": 199158795,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1590761341
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I can r+ a revert myself I guess?)</p>",
        "id": 199158829,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1590761361
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Is anyone objecting to a revert (and more peaceful landing)?</p>",
        "id": 199158832,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1590761362
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Well I don't know if <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"125294\">@Aaron Hill</span> or <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"123856\">@Vadim Petrochenkov</span> are here =)</p>",
        "id": 199158879,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590761385
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Anyway, ok, let's at least move it to a parallel topic I guess and we can discuss a bit async</p>",
        "id": 199158905,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590761397
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and/or next week</p>",
        "id": 199158912,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590761400
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay. Lets maybe try to move forward with a revert and loop them in on the appropriate PR and/or issue.</p>",
        "id": 199158970,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1590761417
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(as usual, I'll repeat what I often say at times like this, which is that I think a \"no judgement revert\" is something we should probably be doing more often)</p>",
        "id": 199158987,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590761425
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(that said, it does seem like the ecosystem is largely adapting)</p>",
        "id": 199159040,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590761449
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Right, so, for the main meeting...</p>",
        "id": 199159078,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590761467
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So we have this <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/3ES5_GhwTzOVmPS8AuaVvw\">hackmd</a> that tries to sketch out a roadmap of sorts. I think the most useful structure for this meeting would be to look at the \"top goals\"</p>",
        "id": 199159267,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590761539
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and to use them to judge a bit what \"major projects\" we think we should be focusing on</p>",
        "id": 199159308,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590761552
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it's a bit tricky to manage this, since the nature of open source seems to lend itself to a lot of ongoing things, but I think there is a general sense (it was clear in the survey, for one thing) that we are spreading ourselves too thin</p>",
        "id": 199159364,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590761583
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>there's nothing in the top goals about incremental. That doesn't surprise me, since I didn't write any down</p>",
        "id": 199159365,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1590761583
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and advancing too many things at once</p>",
        "id": 199159371,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590761587
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I certainly feel that a bit, I'd like to pick some things, get them done, then do the next things...</p>",
        "id": 199159411,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590761615
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>at least, not in the \"2021 (Edition)\" part</p>",
        "id": 199159416,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1590761617
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yep, that is one of things I want to talk about!</p>",
        "id": 199159422,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590761622
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>there are at least two projects I think worth discussing</p>\n<ul>\n<li>parallel compilation</li>\n<li>some focus on improved incremental compilation</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 199159458,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590761639
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>also, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"120989\">@Nicholas Nethercote</span> had mentioned that debugging is a pain... I think they said debugging rustc itself, right?</p>",
        "id": 199159512,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1590761648
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(or were they talking about debugging rust code embedded in Firefox?)</p>",
        "id": 199159530,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1590761660
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>put another way, I think it's clear we need to put some energy behind ways to improve compilation time, but that is a multi-headed beast and I think it's good to talk about which thing is worth focusing on first</p>",
        "id": 199159551,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590761665
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(one thing I've also learned is that it's not always best to try and write down what \"should happen\" and sometimes better to start from \"what do people want to pursue\", and try to arrange those things into order (and maybe cull some of them))</p>",
        "id": 199159660,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590761723
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway, should we talk about the goals and incremental?</p>",
        "id": 199159684,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590761734
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>you probably won't be surprised to hear me say this, (again), but given that triage work and wg-prioritzation is on here</p>",
        "id": 199159686,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1590761736
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we could just add a \"spin up wg-incr-comp\"; which you know well is something I'm planning to spend time on in very near future.</p>",
        "id": 199159775,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1590761765
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so maybe that's a simple way to say \"that's what I want to pursue\"</p>",
        "id": 199159811,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1590761793
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>OK so</p>",
        "id": 199159921,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590761855
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm not sure how much we can/should try to narrow down goals -- probably not in this meeting --</p>",
        "id": 199159954,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590761873
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I mean within that wg --</p>",
        "id": 199160014,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590761888
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I think there is some tension between pushing on incremental and (e.g.) pushing on parallel compilation, and I think we shouldn't do both at once</p>",
        "id": 199160063,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590761923
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but rather try to see if we can't build momentum, ideally by having multiple leads to a WG, behind one effort</p>",
        "id": 199160092,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590761944
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>does that make sense?</p>",
        "id": 199160105,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590761949
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I also think it woudl be good to talk a bit about what we mean when we say \"wg-incr-comp\", I guess</p>",
        "id": 199160129,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590761965
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>IMO incremental is at this point more likely to see wins and should be prioritized over parallel. not doing work is always going to be better than (maybe) doing it in parallel</p>",
        "id": 199160166,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1590761989
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I tend to agree with that, but I'm also thinking about it from a \"scenarios\" POV</p>",
        "id": 199160231,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590762007
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes. Long term parallel will need to be addressed. But short term incremental is going to provide more wins for more people in more contexts.</p>",
        "id": 199160240,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1590762014
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think there are kind of 3 scenarios</p>\n<ul>\n<li>CI builds</li>\n<li>local builds for doing testing</li>\n<li>check builds or IDE builds to find errors</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 199160276,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590762036
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anecdotally, I've been hearing more and more about CI builds, but then I'm not sure that parallel helps with that effort anyway, since most CI systems are not so beefy</p>",
        "id": 199160333,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590762070
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>incremental seems to clearly help with the other two</p>",
        "id": 199160355,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590762082
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Stateful CI can potentially benefit from incremental builds</p>",
        "id": 199160378,
        "sender_full_name": "Esteban Küber",
        "timestamp": 1590762095
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I think it's important that it dovetails with the work around rust-analyzer and so forth, but that's probably for later)</p>",
        "id": 199160384,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590762098
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah, that makes sense, though I don't know of a lot of people doing that (I guess maybe things like sccache)</p>",
        "id": 199160425,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590762120
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes, if incremental compiles were reliable enough that stateful CI could actually trust its results</p>",
        "id": 199160467,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1590762123
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>then presumably you'd get faster feedback about erroneous states</p>",
        "id": 199160508,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1590762138
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok so it seems like the idea of trying to create a working group focused on incremental is \"popular\", so to speak</p>",
        "id": 199160628,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590762197
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'll add it to the list, though I think it'd be productive to think about the \"Goals for 2021\" (what do we expect to accomplish)</p>",
        "id": 199160663,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590762214
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think it's interesting that we have <code>cargo build</code> and <code>cargo build --release</code> but no <code>cargo build --ci</code>. I don't think we even have official documentation about what settings you might want to tweak in a CI environment.</p>",
        "id": 199160674,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1590762221
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(Not trying to jump to solutions but I think there's a gap in terms of our CI support)</p>",
        "id": 199160761,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1590762251
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>to be fair, my own philosophy is that every deviation of a CI environment from that of a \"typical dev env\" represents a ... well, maybe not flaw, but certainly a stumbling block</p>",
        "id": 199160890,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1590762314
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Stuff works so it's not like anything is currently broken but learning what to tweak to minimize CI time for your project is kind of an arcane art.</p>",
        "id": 199160920,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1590762328
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>(Not trying to jump to solutions but I think there's a gap in terms of our CI support)</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>The biggest one is that caching <code>/target</code> is painful. Ie, I belive the biggest impact for improving CI times would be via a certain Cargo feature (changing layout of the <code>/target</code> dir to separate deps from your project)</p>",
        "id": 199161024,
        "sender_full_name": "matklad",
        "timestamp": 1590762372
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think there's certainly merit to that idea. I think there's some simple things people could probably do to get better CI performance though. If you don't do stateful CI, turning off incremental compilation for <code>cargo build</code> can save some time and disk space.</p>",
        "id": 199161056,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1590762391
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"133169\">matklad</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bsteering.20meeting.5D.20roadmap.202020-05-29.20compiler-team.23287/near/199161024\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<blockquote>\n<p>(Not trying to jump to solutions but I think there's a gap in terms of our CI support)</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>The biggest one is that caching <code>/target</code> is painful. Ie, I belive the biggest impact for improving CI times would be via a certain Cargo feature (changing layout of the <code>/target</code> dir to separate deps from your project)</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>do you have a link for this?</p>",
        "id": 199161106,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1590762420
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>This is an interesting topic, and probably worth digging into, though one intersting thoght about is that it's kind of \"cross-cutting\" beyond rustc</p>",
        "id": 199161109,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590762421
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the caching <code>/target</code> probably relates to sccache</p>",
        "id": 199161153,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1590762448
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I do agree that making small tweaks to improve and simplify rust's integration into CI could be very impactful on people</p>",
        "id": 199161164,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590762453
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but probably the details are worth moving to a separate topic?</p>",
        "id": 199161189,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590762464
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm curious to discuss a few other sort of \"roadmap-y\" items</p>",
        "id": 199161199,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590762470
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>another potential roadmap item, maybe</p>",
        "id": 199161213,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1590762478
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or, wait</p>",
        "id": 199161262,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1590762483
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>/me needs to go review something, never mind</p>",
        "id": 199161280,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1590762492
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Maybe</p>",
        "id": 199161290,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590762497
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/cargo/issues/5885\">https://github.com/rust-lang/cargo/issues/5885</a></p>",
        "id": 199161294,
        "sender_full_name": "matklad",
        "timestamp": 1590762499
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>One thing I wanted to bring up then is </p>\n<h1>parallel compilation</h1>",
        "id": 199161315,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590762510
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe we could/should have a separate discussion, but my sense is that this is not on our upcoming roadmap</p>",
        "id": 199161366,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590762539
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>this I guess comes back to the question of how much we want to push on many things at once :)</p>",
        "id": 199161425,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590762563
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so if we <em>don't</em> put parallel comp on the roadmap</p>",
        "id": 199161505,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1590762595
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>then the biggest potential problem I could see is that we make many steps <em>backwards</em></p>",
        "id": 199161569,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1590762610
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i.e. I don't think its an issue if we wait until 2021 or 2023 to attack parallel comp in earnest</p>",
        "id": 199161630,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1590762638
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>right, so previously we had this plan to kind of \"turn it on\", monitor for regressions, etc</p>",
        "id": 199161667,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590762662
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but if we make our starting situation significantly worse in the meantime, that would be unfortunate</p>",
        "id": 199161671,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1590762664
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>in some sense we were \"quite close\"</p>",
        "id": 199161673,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590762666
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but in another sense I feel like we never got momentum somehow</p>",
        "id": 199161698,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590762680
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess I'm putting it out there that <strong>I</strong> want to pull back</p>",
        "id": 199161714,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590762689
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>like, personally</p>",
        "id": 199161721,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590762692
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I wasn't all that involved in parallelization anyway</p>",
        "id": 199161739,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590762703
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>IMO parallel doesn't need to be on the roadmap to potentially make progress</p>",
        "id": 199161745,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1590762705
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't know if I agree with taht</p>",
        "id": 199161815,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590762723
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think that's generally true</p>",
        "id": 199161824,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590762726
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the roadmap doesn't need to be exhaustive</p>",
        "id": 199161831,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590762730
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but parallelization feels to me like a fairly large effort</p>",
        "id": 199161843,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590762738
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if we actually want wins, sure</p>",
        "id": 199161853,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1590762744
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but if it's just about making sure it doesn't regress too much, eh, maybe not so much</p>",
        "id": 199161890,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1590762763
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>like I don't think we lose anything leaving the support we have today in</p>",
        "id": 199161901,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1590762771
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well I guess there are 3 questions</p>\n<ul>\n<li>are there people who want to drive it and tweak it</li>\n<li>how much would it interfere with others if they do so</li>\n<li>would we just let it sit in the meantime?</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 199161916,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590762782
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes ok so leaving the current support \"in stasis\" seems viable</p>",
        "id": 199161961,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590762811
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't know that parallelization really <em>interferes</em> that much at this point</p>",
        "id": 199161986,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590762823
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so I guess I do think it's plausible it could move forward, but there's definitely some opportunity cost</p>",
        "id": 199162009,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590762836
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bsteering.20meeting.5D.20roadmap.202020-05-29.20compiler-team.23287/near/199161916\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>well I guess there are 3 questions</p>\n<ul>\n<li>are there people who want to drive it and tweak it</li>\n<li>how much would it interfere with others if they do so</li>\n<li>would we just let it sit in the meantime?</li>\n</ul>\n</blockquote>\n<p>not driving it but I'd be willing to be engaged with it</p>",
        "id": 199162085,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590762867
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(i.e. say that <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116122\">@simulacrum</span> and <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116266\">@Santiago Pastorino</span> were to focus on it (since you two were heavily involved), that's time you're not spending on something else, and maybe it'd be better to put that energy into extending and improving incremental)</p>",
        "id": 199162087,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590762868
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>sure, yes.</p>",
        "id": 199162119,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1590762884
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes!</p>",
        "id": 199162134,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590762889
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I personally want to spend time getting our profiling into shape</p>",
        "id": 199162144,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1590762894
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>what is profiling?</p>",
        "id": 199162164,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590762902
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>perf.rlo</p>",
        "id": 199162172,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1590762905
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>interesting, ok</p>",
        "id": 199162188,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590762913
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>like, we have a good start, but I think to support incremental we can do more</p>",
        "id": 199162196,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1590762917
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(Along with other projects etc)</p>",
        "id": 199162217,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1590762926
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>one thing I did want to also ask was about self-profiling</p>",
        "id": 199162239,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590762940
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>which seems related</p>",
        "id": 199162242,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590762942
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yep, I see that as fitting into my desire to work with perf.rlo, to be clear</p>",
        "id": 199162275,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1590762960
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116122\">@simulacrum</span>  do you think there are broad shortcomings in perf.rlo besides \"support incremental\" (not 100% I know what that means, beyond increasing our range of incremental benchmarks maybe)</p>",
        "id": 199162337,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1590762974
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>obviously there is more things that could be done there, but I have the sense it reached a good point, and I wasn't sure how much momentum there was to push to another milestone (I'm especially thinking about improving the ability to guide people to \"here are things to change to improve compilation time\")</p>",
        "id": 199162384,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590763005
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>e.g. disk space is entirely missing</p>",
        "id": 199162396,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1590763011
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>mir-opt's efforts on codegen units don't get surfaced well</p>",
        "id": 199162439,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1590763030
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't think there's <em>that much</em> but I think it is a good amount of work</p>",
        "id": 199162456,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1590763041
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>OK, so, to back up, it seems like there is some \"rough consensus\" around the idea of parallel compilation being in \"stasis\" -- and in particular that if we were going to drive it, I think it would require a real assessment of the plan and to have enough committed people</p>",
        "id": 199162501,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590763065
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we can now turn to profiling, that's an interesting addition to the roadmap list that I didn't have :)</p>",
        "id": 199162593,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590763099
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>also, one more bit of context I didn't give, I'm sort of hoping that this meeting (and some follow-up) will provide enough fodder to be able to revise our list of \"working groups\" and create more focused \"project groups\" listing</p>",
        "id": 199162650,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590763134
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it feels like we've gotten closer but not yet \"arrived\" at the point where we can actually point people to the list of \"ongoing major projects\" that we are working on and who's working on them and if they would like help...</p>",
        "id": 199162718,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590763182
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think profiling work is more about helping other teams -- e.g., maybe we should be showing why we failed to incr-comp more than just \"well we did\"</p>",
        "id": 199162733,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1590763193
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(s/teams/project groups/)</p>",
        "id": 199162793,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1590763209
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess this is a combination of gathering more data</p>",
        "id": 199163044,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590763335
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and exposing it</p>",
        "id": 199163050,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590763337
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>do you also see \"end users\" as \"in scope\"?</p>",
        "id": 199163059,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590763342
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>sounds like that would be more of a secondary focus</p>",
        "id": 199163078,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590763350
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>secondary focus</p>",
        "id": 199163092,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1590763358
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok</p>",
        "id": 199163240,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590763423
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Haev you talked much to <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"119009\">@eddyb</span> :)</p>",
        "id": 199163338,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590763449
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I know they've been doing some investigations here..</p>",
        "id": 199163345,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590763454
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah, we've been talking a bit</p>",
        "id": 199163354,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1590763458
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think profiling is well in hand to some extent</p>",
        "id": 199163374,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1590763471
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>OK, well, I'm not sure what more there is to say, but I've added it to the list, maybe you want to add some notion of Goal(s) there?</p>",
        "id": 199163376,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590763472
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yep</p>",
        "id": 199163382,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1590763477
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so we're 45 minutes in</p>",
        "id": 199163448,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590763502
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>one thing I realize that's not on this list</p>",
        "id": 199163494,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590763528
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I've been looking into trying to make a plan around \"finish up <code>impl Trait</code> \"</p>",
        "id": 199163512,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590763544
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>whatever that means ;)</p>",
        "id": 199163519,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590763549
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it seems pretty clearly though to be on a list of \"almost done and really useful\" features</p>",
        "id": 199163584,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590763567
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it's going to require some effort though, and I don't know how realistic it is to balance with other efforts</p>",
        "id": 199163662,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590763594
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I still have a bunch of bugs there assigned to me that are definitive blockers</p>",
        "id": 199163667,
        "sender_full_name": "oli",
        "timestamp": 1590763598
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, I've been looking over the list and doing some experimentation</p>",
        "id": 199163689,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590763612
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and you don't have much free time in short term, right <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"124288\">@oli</span> ?</p>",
        "id": 199163691,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1590763612
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yea, but I've also been avoiding them forever</p>",
        "id": 199163720,
        "sender_full_name": "oli",
        "timestamp": 1590763625
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116118\">@Matthew Jasper</span> and I are supposed to find a time to discuss as well, maybe <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"124288\">@oli</span> we'll cc you in :)</p>",
        "id": 199163730,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590763628
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I didn't really plan to pin this on you though</p>",
        "id": 199163740,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590763633
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I figured you'd done your shift</p>",
        "id": 199163748,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590763638
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if we get some structure there and a plan, I want to be in</p>",
        "id": 199163750,
        "sender_full_name": "oli",
        "timestamp": 1590763638
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok so --</p>",
        "id": 199163757,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590763644
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think my ideal role would be to try and form structure</p>",
        "id": 199163765,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590763650
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and step back from the actual coding :)</p>",
        "id": 199163770,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590763654
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so maybe that works well</p>",
        "id": 199163777,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590763657
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I was going to bring up MIR optimizations</p>",
        "id": 199163847,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590763687
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(but I guess I'm curious if anybody else attending has some idea of a project they'd like to talk a bit about)</p>",
        "id": 199163921,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590763731
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'd like to hear your/the team's thoughts about MIR optimization but I'd just like to throw out that I'd like to see more public planning about how to align what is being worked on with the overall Rust yearly roadmap.</p>",
        "id": 199164034,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1590763796
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So, the overall roadmap for <em>this</em> year was basically \"pay down debt\"</p>",
        "id": 199164133,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590763824
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think one of the things I really liked about the 2018 impl period was that it created a really smooth ramp to get people involved with making the project goals happen.</p>",
        "id": 199164146,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1590763827
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>But I am trying to think about how to \"knit together\" some of the plans from various groups</p>",
        "id": 199164174,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590763843
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and I think it's itneresting that even in this discussion we hit on things that overlap with cargo</p>",
        "id": 199164194,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590763850
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>e.g., how to improve the CI integration experience</p>",
        "id": 199164210,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590763857
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Even if there were not so great parts about it like the timebox for implementation. If we could find a way to capture the spirit of that without the negative effects, I think we could get a lot more community involvement like we did then.</p>",
        "id": 199164249,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1590763875
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Anyway, that's my digression <span aria-label=\"slight smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f642\" role=\"img\" title=\"slight smile\">:slight_smile:</span></p>",
        "id": 199164301,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1590763892
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It's not really a digression, it seems useful, and I'm happy to talk a bit more about it. It's kind of been a goal for me, though, but I figured a good place to start would be getting a better handle on each team's perspective.</p>",
        "id": 199164403,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590763923
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>One thing worth noting is that a lot of the goals on the compiler team list (GATs, impl Trait, etc) are also goals for lang team and require active design work, but not all,</p>",
        "id": 199164518,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590763972
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the other thing I realize that's not on this list at all is some stuff like</p>",
        "id": 199164547,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590763981
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>diagnostics</p>",
        "id": 199164551,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590763983
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>async-await polish and impl. improvements</p>",
        "id": 199164557,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590763984
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"125250\">@Wesley Wiser</span> do you have more thoughts on what such a project-wide structure might look like?</p>",
        "id": 199164795,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590764090
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>during the impl period in particular, we had a big push around breaking down into a list of groups, and each group having leadership and goals</p>",
        "id": 199164902,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590764130
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that was kind of \"cross-cutting\"</p>",
        "id": 199164910,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590764135
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think maybe one thing that comes to mind for me was that there was a fairly large \"marketing\" push that advertised a bunch of different projects you could get involved with.</p>",
        "id": 199164918,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1590764139
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah, it seems like you're talking as much about the impl period as about \"Rust 2018\" itself</p>",
        "id": 199164952,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590764155
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and this definitely fits with what I was saying before about \"do less but with more followthrough\"</p>",
        "id": 199165063,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590764183
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think it created an impression, for me, that there was certainly <em>somewhere</em> you could help out</p>",
        "id": 199165067,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1590764184
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>although during impl period we may have tried \"do more with more followthrough\" :)</p>",
        "id": 199165100,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590764199
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bsteering.20meeting.5D.20roadmap.202020-05-29.20compiler-team.23287/near/199164952\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>yeah, it seems like you're talking as much about the impl period as about \"Rust 2018\" itself</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I think this is definitely true</p>",
        "id": 199165169,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1590764224
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so, to step back, if we were to collect this list of projects, maybe group some things to gether to some extent, and combine it with some projects from a few other groups,</p>",
        "id": 199165181,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590764231
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and then do some blog posts announcing an effort to focus on these things,</p>",
        "id": 199165218,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590764247
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and of course actually have the \"org backbone\" to drive it</p>",
        "id": 199165249,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590764265
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"125250\">Wesley Wiser</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bsteering.20meeting.5D.20roadmap.202020-05-29.20compiler-team.23287/near/199165067\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I think it created an impression, for me, that there was certainly <em>somewhere</em> you could help out</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>It feels like more people from the impl period (myself included) have stuck around than those who've shown up during other periods.</p>",
        "id": 199165266,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1590764271
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that's kind of what you're talking about it seems</p>",
        "id": 199165270,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590764272
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>interesting</p>",
        "id": 199165290,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590764282
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I definitely have the impression that involvement in successful working groups has been a good way to get people to \"stick\" (though not the only way by any means)</p>",
        "id": 199165364,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590764303
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think that would help a lot! One other thing that stuck out to me was that by naming \"leaders\" or whatever, I knew that they had signed up to be pestered with questions and that it was ok to message them.</p>",
        "id": 199165412,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1590764326
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>a sense of comraderye (a word I apparently cannot spell)</p>",
        "id": 199165435,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590764333
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So I'm not sure <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"125250\">@Wesley Wiser</span> if you read the area proposal</p>",
        "id": 199165476,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590764352
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think a lot of people are hesitant to just start messaging people unless they know that they're open to being asked questions</p>",
        "id": 199165479,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1590764354
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I also wonder how much that fits into this</p>",
        "id": 199165486,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590764358
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i.e., I think that in some cases</p>",
        "id": 199165497,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590764362
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>like mir optimizations perhaps :)</p>",
        "id": 199165517,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590764369
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it's not so much about concrete <em>goals</em> as having <em>areas</em></p>",
        "id": 199165556,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590764385
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>both matter I suspect</p>",
        "id": 199165636,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1590764406
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and it'd be helpful to have a bit more \"structure\" in some of those (but I am wary because organizational work is often the hardest to truly sustain)</p>",
        "id": 199165647,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590764408
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>since <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"125250\">@Wesley Wiser</span> brought up leaders</p>",
        "id": 199165683,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1590764423
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I just wanted to mention</p>",
        "id": 199165694,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1590764428
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>time check: 1 hour :)</p>",
        "id": 199165702,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590764431
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if you're interested in being a co-lead of wg-incr-comp</p>",
        "id": 199165716,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1590764437
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>feel free to speak up or PM me</p>",
        "id": 199165739,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1590764445
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(which I know may sounds funny given that in another topic I mentioned how I sometimes get annoyed by PM's... its complicated...)</p>",
        "id": 199165836,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1590764477
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think I'd like to join wg-incr-comp :)</p>",
        "id": 199165850,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590764485
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>worst case scenario we'll force someone to be a leader by picking their userrname out of the commit log.</p>",
        "id": 199166006,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1590764530
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> do you think the document we have here could be the basis for a roadmap post?</p>",
        "id": 199166086,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1590764563
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Anyway, I guess to sum up my feelings:</p>\n<ol>\n<li>I think a blog post followed up with tweets/reddit posts/hackernews/etc that lists the projects we want help with would be great and</li>\n<li>Identifying the people in each group that are happy to help new people and answer questions makes that a lot more inviting.</li>\n</ol>",
        "id": 199166148,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1590764590
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>To answer your question <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span>, definitely, though I'm looking over the list and my first reaction is that it's \"too damn long\"</p>",
        "id": 199166220,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590764620
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>like, it's a lot of things being pushed in parallel..</p>",
        "id": 199166269,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590764640
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>tl;dr yes I think it's the basis but I think we should think a bit more (not too much more) about if we can cull the list down or struture it more to pull out the things we want to highlight (maybe the other projects continue on some pace)</p>",
        "id": 199166422,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590764681
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bsteering.20meeting.5D.20roadmap.202020-05-29.20compiler-team.23287/near/199166220\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>To answer your question <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span>, definitely, though I'm looking over the list and my first reaction is that it's \"too damn long\"</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>cue Jimmy McMillan gif</p>",
        "id": 199166441,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1590764687
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I feel like we ought to be saying \"no\" more often, and I feel like I'm sort of responsible for some of that. I mean I guess if I look at the projects I'd like to push along</p>\n<ul>\n<li>GATs</li>\n<li>chalk integration</li>\n<li>rfc 2229</li>\n<li>impl Trait plan</li>\n</ul>\n<p>it's kind of a lot =)</p>",
        "id": 199166600,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590764755
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>otoh there are is overlap between them...</p>",
        "id": 199166653,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590764763
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I have to think on it a bit :)</p>",
        "id": 199166667,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590764765
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>is RFC 2229 actually overlapping?</p>",
        "id": 199166739,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1590764793
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and the main reason to push for that is due to the semantics change in drop order, right?</p>",
        "id": 199166770,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1590764807
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(and therefore we may want/need to tie it to an edition boundary. Or maybe I am misremembering our lang team conversations on that)</p>",
        "id": 199166825,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1590764834
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bsteering.20meeting.5D.20roadmap.202020-05-29.20compiler-team.23287/near/199166770\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>and the main reason to push for that is due to the semantics change in drop order, right?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>two reasons</p>",
        "id": 199166836,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590764838
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>semantic changes, but more importantly a dedicated and promising group of folks showed up who want to work on it :)</p>",
        "id": 199166872,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590764852
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh</p>",
        "id": 199166880,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1590764857
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah that's a good reason to push. :)</p>",
        "id": 199166892,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1590764862
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the overlap is primarily gats + chalk</p>",
        "id": 199166934,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590764880
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>impl Trait maybe a bit but I think it's fairly independent</p>",
        "id": 199166990,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590764889
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think the answer is that it's worth investing time in making a plan around impl Trait but then we have to take a look at how much that plan can move forward with me only checking in periodically</p>",
        "id": 199167058,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590764917
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(which seems quite probable)</p>",
        "id": 199167100,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590764937
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway I think meeting is over sorry folks we're kind of rambling :)</p>",
        "id": 199167314,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590765010
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Is it worth trying to prioritize those related projects and just focus on getting one done? We've mentioned before that having one person lead a bunch of different projects isn't great so maybe we should make the goal to get one project from each leader \"done\" this year?</p>",
        "id": 199167443,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1590765071
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We can still support people working on the other projects of course, but the priority would be given to which ever project is part of the roadmap.</p>",
        "id": 199167497,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1590765096
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So, for \"my\" set above, that is exactly what I'm thinking about =)</p>",
        "id": 199167515,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1590765105
    }
]