[
    {
        "content": "<p>Hi <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"897\">@T-compiler/meeting</span> ! We’re starting part III of our series of meetings on the 1.52 fingerprint bug, aka <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/435\">compiler-team#435</a></p>",
        "id": 245447224,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625839398
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>as in part 2, here is the doc: <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/DhKzaRUgTVGSmhW8Mj0c8A?view\">https://hackmd.io/DhKzaRUgTVGSmhW8Mj0c8A?view</a></p>",
        "id": 245447404,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625839472
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>my memory is that we got to spend a while last time discussing the “Five Whys” themselves, but I cannot remember how far we got into Lessons Learned etc</p>",
        "id": 245447488,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625839514
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway, the document opens with a checklist of things to cover. I propose we take maybe five minutes now to just review the doc (presumably starting from <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/DhKzaRUgTVGSmhW8Mj0c8A?view#Lessons-Learned\">Lessons Learned</a>), and then we can start on the checklist beyond that.</p>",
        "id": 245447668,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625839570
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I believe we had gotten to the why of \"Why did it take until Monday for you to tell your users about the problem?\"</p>",
        "id": 245447809,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1625839636
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ah thanks <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"125250\">@Wesley Wiser</span></p>",
        "id": 245447831,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625839652
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>based on the conversation at the end of the meeting</p>",
        "id": 245447846,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1625839657
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>did we jump ahead to that one? Because its at the end of the tree of Five Whys</p>",
        "id": 245447936,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625839685
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I interpret \"Why don’t you have a lighter weight means than big blog posts to communicate important changes in status to your users, such as a banner on the website or a social media account?” as being attached to it, as a branch of the tree.)</p>",
        "id": 245447989,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625839715
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm not sure we were discussing the why's in order.</p>",
        "id": 245448123,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1625839800
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ah okay</p>",
        "id": 245448150,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625839804
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I should have reviewed last week’s meeting before starting this one. Its been a packed morning.)</p>",
        "id": 245448214,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625839831
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Anyway, lets do this: lets take 2 more minutes to read Lessons Learned and beyond. People can also skim the Five Whys and bring up ones that they want to discuss, before we jump into the check list.</p>",
        "id": 245448276,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625839871
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Okay, that’s two minutes. Does anyone need more time?</p>",
        "id": 245448498,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625840003
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I interpret <span aria-label=\"check\" class=\"emoji emoji-2705\" role=\"img\" title=\"check\">:check:</span> as “lets move forward!”)</p>",
        "id": 245448570,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625840039
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>First question</p>",
        "id": 245448625,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625840048
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>does anyone want to dig into any of the Five Whys more?</p>",
        "id": 245448639,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625840057
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I’m not speaking of fine-tuning the phrasing of the text right now, but rather big picture issues.)</p>",
        "id": 245448681,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625840082
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>one possible outcome from last time was that we might want to issue PSAs via rustup or something similar</p>",
        "id": 245448723,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1625840112
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>did we note that somewhere?</p>",
        "id": 245448738,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1625840121
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>That’s right, that was an corrective action that was discussed at the meeting last time</p>",
        "id": 245448755,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625840133
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Let me add a section to the top of the doc</p>",
        "id": 245448765,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625840143
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>with “new proposed actions\"</p>",
        "id": 245448784,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625840156
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(5a) kind of covers it but could be more specific</p>",
        "id": 245448852,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1625840179
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>Why are you not putting proper diagnostics on the ICE’s that have been long-lived, since the Rust project cannot provide a guarantee that all ICE’s will be short-lived?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I'm not sure I understand what is meant by \"proper diagnostics\" or what value that brings to users or rustc devs. </p>\n<p>(I'm only bringing this up because it's also called out in the Corrective Actions section)</p>",
        "id": 245448864,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1625840185
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ah yes, clarifying questions is good</p>",
        "id": 245448898,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625840208
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>“Proper diagnostics” means our usual diagnostic system</p>",
        "id": 245448914,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625840220
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>improper diagnostics are results from <code>panic!</code> or <code>assert!</code>, etc</p>",
        "id": 245448929,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625840229
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>There are two types of ICEs: some are invalid code that can be fixed \"just\" by creating a proper error.</p>",
        "id": 245448969,
        "sender_full_name": "Esteban Küber",
        "timestamp": 1625840258
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Invalid <em>input</em> code, right?</p>",
        "id": 245448992,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625840276
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or rather, panics that are caused by invalid input Rust source</p>",
        "id": 245449055,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625840297
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and thus, the fix is a proper error</p>",
        "id": 245449064,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625840301
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The second is code that should have been accepted, I'd have some pushback against making these have proper diagnostics</p>",
        "id": 245449070,
        "sender_full_name": "Esteban Küber",
        "timestamp": 1625840306
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yes, felix</p>",
        "id": 245449077,
        "sender_full_name": "Esteban Küber",
        "timestamp": 1625840310
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ok, that's what I thought. I guess I'm just missing 1) how would we attach some arbitrary panic! to a location in user source code and 2) does that send the wrong message to users?</p>",
        "id": 245449087,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1625840315
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"119031\">Esteban Küber</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bsteering.20meeting.5D.202021-07-09.3A.20f's.20part.203.20compiler-team.23435/near/245449070\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>The second is code that should have been accepted, I'd have some pushback against making these have proper diagnostics</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Okay, I welcome pushback here</p>",
        "id": 245449099,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625840323
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>For the second case,it feels like we're giving up...</p>",
        "id": 245449107,
        "sender_full_name": "Esteban Küber",
        "timestamp": 1625840328
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Instead of fixing the actual problem</p>",
        "id": 245449125,
        "sender_full_name": "Esteban Küber",
        "timestamp": 1625840343
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>For invalid input I'm mote than ok with silencing those with delay_span_bug</p>",
        "id": 245449176,
        "sender_full_name": "Esteban Küber",
        "timestamp": 1625840371
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, that's kind of what I meant by \"sends the wrong message\". To me, it tells users they should change their code instead of \"this is a rustc bug\"</p>",
        "id": 245449177,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1625840373
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Indeed. And a long-lived ICE that users are not commonly hitting does <em>not</em> sound worth putting a so-called “proper diagnostic” one.</p>",
        "id": 245449180,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625840374
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>My concern are about cases where we know that people hit the bug</p>",
        "id": 245449235,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625840403
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and we should be doing a better job of giving them guidance in the short term</p>",
        "id": 245449274,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625840417
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>while <em>not</em> diluting the core message that this <em>is</em> a rustc bug</p>",
        "id": 245449283,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625840427
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I totally agree that I don’t want to shift the messaging there</p>",
        "id": 245449297,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625840439
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>were there workaround suggestions in the updated ICE message? or just pointers about reporting the bug?</p>",
        "id": 245449348,
        "sender_full_name": "Taylor Yu [they/she]",
        "timestamp": 1625840470
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>e.g. we should continue to instruct people to file a bug. (Or, for long-lived ICEs, maybe we include a pre-existing bug number, and ask them to … hmmm. Add yet another comment to the pre-existing issue?)</p>",
        "id": 245449358,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625840476
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"411291\">@Taylor Yu [they/she]</span> are you asking about the specific case of the fingerprint issue?</p>",
        "id": 245449397,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625840502
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bsteering.20meeting.5D.202021-07-09.3A.20f's.20part.203.20compiler-team.23435/near/245449397\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"411291\">Taylor Yu [they/she]</span> are you asking about the specific case of the fingerprint issue?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>yeah</p>",
        "id": 245449434,
        "sender_full_name": "Taylor Yu [they/she]",
        "timestamp": 1625840517
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>My understanding is that we deliberately added work-around suggestions</p>",
        "id": 245449480,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625840528
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so that people could recover</p>",
        "id": 245449493,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625840537
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"119031\">@Esteban Küber</span> honestly, I’d be willing to remove the parts about putting “proper” diagnostics on long-lived ICEs</p>",
        "id": 245449579,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625840578
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that’s a part of the doc that was written relatively early on, when I didn’t have much notion of what we should do</p>",
        "id": 245449607,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625840597
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>since then, the continued work here has brought up other corrective actions</p>",
        "id": 245449666,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625840616
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The idea of being able to set links to existing tickets has legs</p>",
        "id": 245449716,
        "sender_full_name": "Esteban Küber",
        "timestamp": 1625840642
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and so I think its reasonable to remove that branch of thinking from the Five Why’s section. I think Niko had said at the outset that they thought it was a distraction from the real problem.</p>",
        "id": 245449734,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625840644
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok i just reread the copy of the fingerprint ICE message that i saved in <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/86013\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/86013</a> and i think there are ways we could improve it (and other messages like it in the future)</p>",
        "id": 245449801,
        "sender_full_name": "Taylor Yu [they/she]",
        "timestamp": 1625840671
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So id like that idea not to be lost, but agree with the general thinking</p>",
        "id": 245449803,
        "sender_full_name": "Esteban Küber",
        "timestamp": 1625840672
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"119031\">Esteban Küber</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bsteering.20meeting.5D.202021-07-09.3A.20f's.20part.203.20compiler-team.23435/near/245449716\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>The idea of being able to set links to existing tickets has legs</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Yeah, it seems like helping draw those cases together would potentially help a lot</p>",
        "id": 245449814,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625840680
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I’ll add an item to the top of the doc</p>",
        "id": 245449828,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625840690
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I’ll independently figure out whether to keep the text, or how to revise it smoothly</p>",
        "id": 245449887,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625840732
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Anything else about the Five Why’s that anyone wants to discuss?</p>",
        "id": 245449908,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625840741
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I figure otherwise, lets move into talking about the Lessons Learned</p>",
        "id": 245449934,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625840758
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>see if there’s pushback there</p>",
        "id": 245449962,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625840764
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(The bullet list at the top of the doc from last week did say “get feedback on … what to elaborate on, and what to cut.” — so I am <em>welcoming</em> editorial suggestions, at least for this section and the ones following it.)</p>",
        "id": 245450061,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625840814
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I’ll just state each Lesson Learned and see how the crowd reacts. :)</p>",
        "id": 245450119,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625840839
    },
    {
        "content": "<ol>\n<li>We need better visibility (or more advertisement within the teams) of when user-disruptive changes are scheduled to hit.<br>\n    * Notably, PR <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/83007\">#83007</a> was known to inject ICE's, and it had been assigned a github milestone of <strong>1.52.0</strong>. However, we didn't see that PR, or its milestone, when we were planning our next steps as part of reviewing issue <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/84970\">#84970</a></li>\n</ol>",
        "id": 245450158,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625840859
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>any disagreement on this point?</p>",
        "id": 245450198,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625840879
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>sgtm</p>",
        "id": 245450245,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1625840889
    },
    {
        "content": "<ol start=\"2\">\n<li>We need better tracking of when certain ICE's start becoming more serious problems for our users.</li>\n</ol>",
        "id": 245450258,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625840897
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(that alone actually sounds like a motivation for providing the pre-made issue links that <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"119031\">@Esteban Küber</span> mentioned above)</p>",
        "id": 245450331,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625840934
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>sounds rather similar to (1)</p>",
        "id": 245450336,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1625840935
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh, no, I think they’re a little different</p>",
        "id": 245450361,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625840947
    },
    {
        "content": "<ol>\n<li>is about predicting what will happen based on release train</li>\n</ol>",
        "id": 245450392,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625840963
    },
    {
        "content": "<ol start=\"2\">\n<li>is about understanding what’s happening in the wild, after the release has gone out</li>\n</ol>",
        "id": 245450424,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625840976
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok, that makes sense</p>",
        "id": 245450446,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1625840983
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>\"Tracking when ices become serious\" is something that we can only do reliably with crash reporting/telemetry</p>",
        "id": 245450467,
        "sender_full_name": "Esteban Küber",
        "timestamp": 1625840990
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but maybe could be clarified in the text</p>",
        "id": 245450469,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1625840991
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"124287\">mw</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bsteering.20meeting.5D.202021-07-09.3A.20f's.20part.203.20compiler-team.23435/near/245450469\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>but maybe could be clarified in the text</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>true. I can work on that. I’ll add item to top</p>",
        "id": 245450528,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625841005
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We can <em>infer</em> with ticket reports, but if a ticket already exists that will discourage people from commenting</p>",
        "id": 245450586,
        "sender_full_name": "Esteban Küber",
        "timestamp": 1625841029
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes, I agree that Telemetry is the right long-term answer</p>",
        "id": 245450667,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625841067
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>This case was frequent enough and affected a lot of people that we heard about it, but it was still a handful of reports on the day of.</p>",
        "id": 245450670,
        "sender_full_name": "Esteban Küber",
        "timestamp": 1625841068
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I also think that in the short-term, prebaked issue numbers, along with a really easy way for people to register that they’ve hit it, could be good</p>",
        "id": 245450720,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625841094
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The main tradeoff is whether to rely on existing github workflows, and thus rely on people leaving a comment or emoji, etc</p>",
        "id": 245450847,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625841133
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or do we invent a new workflow, i.e. a URL that you follow, and it <em>first</em> registers in some database elsewhere that someone clicked the URL associated with that ICE, and <em>then</em> takes the person to github</p>",
        "id": 245450907,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625841168
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i think for crash reporting, we can't rely on users having established a prior relationship with github (for whatever reason)</p>",
        "id": 245450990,
        "sender_full_name": "Taylor Yu [they/she]",
        "timestamp": 1625841209
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(the point being in the latter case, with “one click” from the user, we get to register the event happening)</p>",
        "id": 245450993,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625841211
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah I agree with that, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"411291\">@Taylor Yu [they/she]</span></p>",
        "id": 245451025,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625841233
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Anyway, we can fine tune the approach</p>",
        "id": 245451088,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625841250
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(for that matter, even if they have a github account, they might not wish to associate it with the crash report)</p>",
        "id": 245451096,
        "sender_full_name": "Taylor Yu [they/she]",
        "timestamp": 1625841253
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>in my mind, I definitely am on the fence, in terms of how much effort to invest in a url-based solution that fundamentally <em>cannot</em> provide the same quality data that telemetry would.</p>",
        "id": 245451151,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625841288
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway, lets move to next Lesson</p>",
        "id": 245451188,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625841308
    },
    {
        "content": "<ol start=\"3\">\n<li>We need to stop unfixed ICEs from becoming problems that we never hear about.<p>* (Arguably we didn't learn this lesson from this event, but rather from a particular line of Socratic inquiry.)</p>\n</li>\n</ol>",
        "id": 245451210,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625841315
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I’m willing to drop this Lesson</p>",
        "id": 245451231,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625841322
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I’d be curious to hear what others think about whether we should keep it or not</p>",
        "id": 245451266,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625841342
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(its basically an implicit argument for Telemetry, I think.)</p>",
        "id": 245451296,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625841353
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think the comment can be dropped in any case</p>",
        "id": 245451304,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1625841357
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"124287\">@mw</span> you mean The \" (Arguably we didn't learn this lesson from this event, but rather from a particular line of Socratic inquiry.)”, right?</p>",
        "id": 245451389,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625841381
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but it is kind of the same as (2)</p>",
        "id": 245451393,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1625841382
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, true. Okay, I’m fine with folding this into (2.)</p>",
        "id": 245451444,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625841405
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I’ll review, try to figure out why the Five Whys process led me to make separate items for (2.) and (3.)</p>",
        "id": 245451462,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625841420
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(2) feels to me like \"users are reporting the issue on GH but we didn't notice they're all related to the same issue\" and (3) feels to me like \"users aren't reporting issues\"</p>",
        "id": 245451558,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1625841471
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(Arguments for telemetry can be made independently of this for)</p>",
        "id": 245451617,
        "sender_full_name": "Esteban Küber",
        "timestamp": 1625841488
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>But I agree, they seem to be similar enough that they can be consolidated.</p>",
        "id": 245451619,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1625841489
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, I think we can consolidate and maybe just spell both scenarios out as part of the same lesson.</p>",
        "id": 245451655,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625841511
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"119031\">Esteban Küber</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bsteering.20meeting.5D.202021-07-09.3A.20f's.20part.203.20compiler-team.23435/near/245451617\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>(Arguments for telemetry can be made independently of this for)</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>yes, but I’m especially interested in pointing out cases where Telemetry is the <em>only</em> answer</p>",
        "id": 245451704,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625841538
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>next lesson</p>",
        "id": 245451735,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625841555
    },
    {
        "content": "<ol start=\"4\">\n<li>We need better testing of representative user workflows (i.e., debug builds) in our pipeline; at the very least, sometime prior to a stable release.</li>\n</ol>",
        "id": 245451737,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625841557
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>does that mean <em>automated</em> testing?</p>",
        "id": 245451790,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1625841593
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>any arguments here? Am I potentially overlooking existing CI builders that exist but for some reason didn’t catch this?</p>",
        "id": 245451793,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625841596
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or getting more folks to use beta?</p>",
        "id": 245451815,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1625841603
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ah, that’s an excellent point</p>",
        "id": 245451858,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625841610
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>In corrective actions, I linked this lesson to increased use of the betas</p>",
        "id": 245451914,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625841633
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I don’t know why I didn’t also bring up adding more automated testing</p>",
        "id": 245451932,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625841647
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think both are warranted</p>",
        "id": 245451955,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625841661
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and implied by the lesson</p>",
        "id": 245451974,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625841669
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i'm thinking it would need CI that simulates a development workflow, which possibly means hooking up stuff to external open source repositories and replaying diffs with incrementals turned on. sounds expensive but not impossible?</p>",
        "id": 245451976,
        "sender_full_name": "Taylor Yu [they/she]",
        "timestamp": 1625841670
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"124287\">@mw</span> the incr-comp development work did exactly that, right?</p>",
        "id": 245452015,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625841694
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we had something like this in the past, yes</p>",
        "id": 245452030,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1625841703
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it was quite a bit of work to maintain</p>",
        "id": 245452049,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1625841719
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but it also found a lot of bugs</p>",
        "id": 245452107,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1625841733
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I do think it sounds too expensive to be part of bors’s guard on every checkin. Probably too expensive for every nightly</p>",
        "id": 245452119,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625841740
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but it sounds entirely reasonable to make it part of the process we apply to the beta builds themselves</p>",
        "id": 245452140,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625841756
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we ran our tool once a day</p>",
        "id": 245452150,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1625841763
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>how many repositories did it use for its reference points?</p>",
        "id": 245452184,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625841787
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>10?</p>",
        "id": 245452197,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1625841801
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or maybe “how many commits” is a better question. :)</p>",
        "id": 245452199,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625841802
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>hundreds?</p>",
        "id": 245452213,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1625841812
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>best question of all: How long did it take to run?</p>",
        "id": 245452225,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625841820
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>a few hours</p>",
        "id": 245452238,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1625841828
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>nothing compared to crater</p>",
        "id": 245452250,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1625841834
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>sure.</p>",
        "id": 245452257,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625841837
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but if you have to also deal with potential manual intervention</p>",
        "id": 245452307,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625841848
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>then you don’t want it to go more than a few hours</p>",
        "id": 245452320,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625841854
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes, having a few crates should be enough</p>",
        "id": 245452370,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1625841880
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>similar to our benchmarking</p>",
        "id": 245452384,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1625841887
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Anyway, does anyone have comments on the Lesson Learned itself? The corrective actions, we can dive more deeply into those in a moment.</p>",
        "id": 245452386,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625841888
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I’ll add a todo item to add automated as well as manual testing associated with this lesson.)</p>",
        "id": 245452471,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625841930
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The lesson seems good <span aria-label=\"thumbs up\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44d\" role=\"img\" title=\"thumbs up\">:thumbs_up:</span></p>",
        "id": 245452485,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1625841935
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>last lesson</p>",
        "id": 245452614,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625841991
    },
    {
        "content": "<ol start=\"5\">\n<li>We need to be willing and able to communicate more quickly to our users in response to an event like this.</li>\n</ol>",
        "id": 245452616,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625841992
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So the heart of this is the question: “Was the gap from Thursday until Monday too long\"</p>",
        "id": 245452646,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625842018
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>my response is that it was, and that’s why I’ve put this lesson here</p>",
        "id": 245452657,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625842029
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think the team's willingness was not a problem here, right? :)</p>",
        "id": 245452670,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1625842041
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think there has been some amount of pushback (to this being a Lesson) in the prior meeting, but I could be misremembering</p>",
        "id": 245452677,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625842045
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Right, I think part of the problem was friction</p>",
        "id": 245452709,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625842075
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>because we, or at least <em>I</em>, assumed the right answer was a blog post</p>",
        "id": 245452770,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625842088
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that needed to be curated</p>",
        "id": 245452778,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625842093
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and in hindsight, that was just … not true. :)</p>",
        "id": 245452803,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625842106
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We wanted to have enough information before communicating, which goes counter common incident response workflows</p>",
        "id": 245452826,
        "sender_full_name": "Esteban Küber",
        "timestamp": 1625842118
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but what kind of information? My memory is that we were seeking to include info, at least in the blog post, about what form our response was going to take</p>",
        "id": 245452896,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625842170
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Just sending out tweets stating \"there are ices in the new stable, we're working on it\" would have been better</p>",
        "id": 245452898,
        "sender_full_name": "Esteban Küber",
        "timestamp": 1625842170
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Not to skip ahead too much, but I think having the \"playbook\" would be helpful here. There's a lot of questions that were unanswered on Friday so having a well thought through, curated blog post seemed like the best option.</p>",
        "id": 245452899,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1625842171
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Would stopping the distribution of the affected release have been an option?</p>",
        "id": 245452902,
        "sender_full_name": "The 8472",
        "timestamp": 1625842173
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"119031\">Esteban Küber</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bsteering.20meeting.5D.202021-07-09.3A.20f's.20part.203.20compiler-team.23435/near/245452898\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Just sending out tweets stating \"there are ices in the new stable, we're working on it\" would have been better</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Yep, I agree with this</p>",
        "id": 245452912,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625842186
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>And would have been reposted to all other likely places people would look at</p>",
        "id": 245452920,
        "sender_full_name": "Esteban Küber",
        "timestamp": 1625842191
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"330154\">The 8472</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bsteering.20meeting.5D.202021-07-09.3A.20f's.20part.203.20compiler-team.23435/near/245452902\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Would stopping the distribution of the affected release have been an option?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Lets talk about this question</p>",
        "id": 245452923,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625842192
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>because I think its important to address it explicitly, and maybe it should have been in the document itself</p>",
        "id": 245452985,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625842208
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don’t think the nature of this bug warranted an outright yank of the release itself</p>",
        "id": 245453017,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625842238
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I want to hear arguments for why maybe it should</p>",
        "id": 245453041,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625842256
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>certainly it sounds <em>easy</em> to yank a release, right?</p>",
        "id": 245453075,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625842273
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't think we've even done that for safety/ub issues which (at least according to the Safety First principle) would be more severe than intermittent compiler ICE.</p>",
        "id": 245453085,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1625842281
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>There are two parts: our argument for not disabling the fingerprint checks is that this causes miscompilations on debug mode. Actual prod binaries were unaffected, but we still felt that the ices were worth it. Downgrading then, wasn't the answer.</p>",
        "id": 245453118,
        "sender_full_name": "Esteban Küber",
        "timestamp": 1625842302
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah. I think I would only Yank a release if it e.g. exposed user data</p>",
        "id": 245453130,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625842312
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah, by that logic we rather would have had to yank all prior releases :P</p>",
        "id": 245453141,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1625842316
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm asking because speed (time to mitigation) seems to be a focus of the document. Which makes it sound urgent. And yanking it is the quickest action I can think of and gets results faster than... communicating.</p>",
        "id": 245453149,
        "sender_full_name": "The 8472",
        "timestamp": 1625842322
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i.e. something that actually caused harm to users</p>",
        "id": 245453161,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625842323
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yanking is likely quite hard, I'm not quite sure we have the tools in place to do that or would want to. <a href=\"http://static.rust-lang.org\">static.rust-lang.org</a>, is, well, intended to be \"static\" in some sense.</p>",
        "id": 245453234,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1625842349
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"330154\">@The 8472</span> it’s true, speed is the focus of the document. But I think its important to balance that against providing the right value to our users</p>",
        "id": 245453250,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625842355
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116122\">simulacrum</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bsteering.20meeting.5D.202021-07-09.3A.20f's.20part.203.20compiler-team.23435/near/245453234\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Yanking is likely quite hard, […]</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>oh, that’s interesting</p>",
        "id": 245453282,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625842373
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and 1.52.0 was not fundamentally broken -- e.g., we need it for the bootstrap chain at least.</p>",
        "id": 245453283,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1625842373
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Letting people know that \"cargo clean and carry on\" was a \"solution\" as soon as we knew that would have been good</p>",
        "id": 245453292,
        "sender_full_name": "Esteban Küber",
        "timestamp": 1625842376
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So, I want to just point out</p>",
        "id": 245453324,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625842391
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that I had wanted to first double-check about whether the Lesson Learned itself</p>",
        "id": 245453366,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625842408
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>was appropriate</p>",
        "id": 245453370,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625842411
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>\"cargo clean, <strong>report</strong> and carry on\" right? <span aria-label=\"wink\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f609\" role=\"img\" title=\"wink\">:wink:</span></p>",
        "id": 245453381,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1625842416
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>its great that we’re talking about the corrective actions associated with the lesson</p>",
        "id": 245453399,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625842420
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I first want to ensure that everyone’s in agreement that it would be <em>better</em> to have done something more quickly.</p>",
        "id": 245453433,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625842440
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>to me, yanking the release would have been justified for something of a severity of \"miscompiles in ways that cause trivial RCE vulns in executables\", and probably nothing less</p>",
        "id": 245453496,
        "sender_full_name": "Taylor Yu [they/she]",
        "timestamp": 1625842452
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(vs “Thursday to Monday delay was good enough for our project.”)</p>",
        "id": 245453512,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625842460
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Also, we have six minutes left in meeting</p>",
        "id": 245453540,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625842482
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think a tweet or similar dynamic note would be appropriate</p>",
        "id": 245453562,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1625842492
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So lets take the lessons as stated, with teh edits we noted</p>",
        "id": 245453568,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625842496
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe an edit to a blog post</p>",
        "id": 245453569,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1625842496
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"125250\">Wesley Wiser</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bsteering.20meeting.5D.202021-07-09.3A.20f's.20part.203.20compiler-team.23435/near/245452899\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Not to skip ahead too much, but I think having the \"playbook\" would be helpful here. There's a lot of questions that were unanswered on Friday so having a well thought through, curated blog post seemed like the best option.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I think <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"125250\">@Wesley Wiser</span> has the right point here</p>",
        "id": 245453609,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625842520
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I for one don't even know who runs @rust-lang on Twitter or what the right way to get them to Tweet something is. Do I pm Steve or something?</p>",
        "id": 245453650,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1625842554
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We should have a playbook ready for these events, and it should spell out, e.g. “put up a tweet. If its a personal tweet, then get rust-lang to retweet it.”, and then “draft a blog post”, etc.</p>",
        "id": 245453717,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625842570
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We should not attempt to fine tune the playbook live in this meeting</p>",
        "id": 245453753,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625842593
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bsteering.20meeting.5D.202021-07-09.3A.20f's.20part.203.20compiler-team.23435/near/245453717\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>We should have a playbook ready for these events, and it should spell out, e.g. “put up a tweet. If its a personal tweet, then get rust-lang to retweet it.”, and then “draft a blog post”, etc.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>we should find something that already exists (and is battle-tested) that we can adapt, if possible</p>",
        "id": 245453772,
        "sender_full_name": "Taylor Yu [they/she]",
        "timestamp": 1625842605
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yes, sorry that was just an example of where the playbook would be helpful.</p>",
        "id": 245453778,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1625842609
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"411291\">Taylor Yu [they/she]</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bsteering.20meeting.5D.202021-07-09.3A.20f's.20part.203.20compiler-team.23435/near/245453772\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bsteering.20meeting.5D.202021-07-09.3A.20f's.20part.203.20compiler-team.23435/near/245453717\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>We should have a playbook ready for these events, and it should spell out, e.g. “put up a tweet. If its a personal tweet, then get rust-lang to retweet it.”, and then “draft a blog post”, etc.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>we should find something that already exists (and is battle-tested) that we can adapt, if possible</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Yep. I think I even put that as an action item for myself</p>",
        "id": 245453797,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625842621
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>namely this</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Proposal: pnkfelix does a survey of the landscape for response playbooks during user-impacting events, especially when it comes to programming languages: what avenues/resources do we have available? What styles of communication work best when interfacing with developers?</p>\n</blockquote>",
        "id": 245453814,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625842632
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>with 3 minutes left, I’d like to focus our attention on the beta-engagement question</p>",
        "id": 245453883,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625842662
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>namely this: </p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Proposal: Increase usage of the beta channel, in order to provide direct testing feedback.</p>\n</blockquote>",
        "id": 245453909,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625842674
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and this:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Proposal: Find owner to investigate ways to provide \"carrots\" for users to use beta, or a fork thereof (\"gamma\"?), rather than<br>\n   stable or nightly. Perhaps try to align it with jonhoo's <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/pull/3120\">\"Preview for Unstable Features\"</a> proposal (which has been closed, but has useful discussion).</p>\n</blockquote>",
        "id": 245453973,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625842691
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think there may be a parallel zulip thread about this at this point</p>",
        "id": 245454000,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625842704
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It might be helpful to focus on languages that directly provide binaries to their users like maybe Nim/Zig/etc? My understanding is that most Python users for example probably get Python from their distro so there's a lot of distance between the project shipping a release and discovering there's a critical bug.</p>",
        "id": 245454005,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1625842706
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>could we somehow \"redirect\" nightly to beta for the last week before the release?</p>",
        "id": 245454033,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1625842720
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"125250\">Wesley Wiser</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bsteering.20meeting.5D.202021-07-09.3A.20f's.20part.203.20compiler-team.23435/near/245454005\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>there's a lot of distance between the project shipping a release and discovering there's a critical bug.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>This may well become more true for us as Rust becomes more successful and is “built-in” to distros</p>",
        "id": 245454101,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625842753
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bsteering.20meeting.5D.202021-07-09.3A.20f's.20part.203.20compiler-team.23435/near/245454000\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I think there may be a parallel zulip thread about this at this point</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p><a href=\"#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/why.20is.20nightly.20so.20attractive.3F\">https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/why.20is.20nightly.20so.20attractive.3F</a></p>",
        "id": 245454125,
        "sender_full_name": "Taylor Yu [they/she]",
        "timestamp": 1625842769
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bsteering.20meeting.5D.202021-07-09.3A.20f's.20part.203.20compiler-team.23435/near/245453973\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>and this:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Proposal: Find owner to investigate ways to provide \"carrots\" for users to use beta, or a fork thereof (\"gamma\"?), rather than<br>\n   stable or nightly. Perhaps try to align it with jonhoo's <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/pull/3120\">\"Preview for Unstable Features\"</a> proposal (which has been closed, but has useful discussion).</p>\n</blockquote>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I would really like to have a dedicated WG/team whatever of beta testers. They might also be a good candidate set of people for opt-in telemetry.</p>",
        "id": 245454135,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1625842776
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><em>if we had telemetry on nightly</em> wouldn't looking at the info for the last few days before promotion be enough? I find it will be hard to push many towards beta</p>",
        "id": 245454170,
        "sender_full_name": "Esteban Küber",
        "timestamp": 1625842797
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"125250\">@Wesley Wiser</span> that is an amazingly good and simple idea</p>",
        "id": 245454174,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625842801
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"119031\">Esteban Küber</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bsteering.20meeting.5D.202021-07-09.3A.20f's.20part.203.20compiler-team.23435/near/245454170\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><em>if we had telemetry on nightly</em> wouldn't looking at the info for the last few days before promotion be enough? I find it will be hard to push many towards beta</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>beta is curated. It has the hand-picked backports</p>",
        "id": 245454296,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625842839
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don’t think the nightly a few days before promotion is the right comparison point in general</p>",
        "id": 245454340,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625842861
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if nothing else, that only gives you a few days of data</p>",
        "id": 245454382,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625842878
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It does, but this would have caught the slip of \"oh don't worry, this will land on the <em>next</em> stable\"</p>",
        "id": 245454388,
        "sender_full_name": "Esteban Küber",
        "timestamp": 1625842882
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>vs six weeks of data potentially available via beta</p>",
        "id": 245454399,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625842887
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"119031\">Esteban Küber</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bsteering.20meeting.5D.202021-07-09.3A.20f's.20part.203.20compiler-team.23435/near/245454388\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>It does, but this would have caught the slip of \"oh don't worry, this will land on the <em>next</em> stable\"</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>hmm. I’ll have to think about that</p>",
        "id": 245454461,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625842915
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>its a good point to consider.</p>",
        "id": 245454491,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625842923
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay our hour is up!</p>",
        "id": 245454523,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625842930
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I know we didn’t finish going through every detail on the doc</p>",
        "id": 245454530,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625842938
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I also am not sure another meeting is necessary at this point? We’re not really in a place where we are going to be assigning these action items</p>",
        "id": 245454573,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625842957
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>for now, our project structure remains “Hey, I’m throwing some ideas out there. If you feel inspired, maybe pick one of these up.\"</p>",
        "id": 245454607,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625842983
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I would like to take a stab at the communication playbook idea. Do you think that would be something we should put up on the forge or maybe the rustc-dev guide?</p>",
        "id": 245454680,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1625843027
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway, thanks to everyone in <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"897\">@T-compiler/meeting</span> for attending! If you want to dig into any of these details further, feel free to keep talking here, or create a separate zulip thread, and we can keep talking!</p>",
        "id": 245454694,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625843033
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"125250\">Wesley Wiser</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bsteering.20meeting.5D.202021-07-09.3A.20f's.20part.203.20compiler-team.23435/near/245454680\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I would like to take a stab at the communication playbook idea. Do you think that would be something we should put up on the forge or maybe the rustc-dev guide?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>That’s a good question. Probably forge I think.</p>",
        "id": 245454763,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625843050
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>But also: I really do think the right first step is to survey other projects</p>",
        "id": 245454792,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625843064
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>see what other playbooks we can <del>steal</del> borrow ideas from</p>",
        "id": 245454816,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1625843074
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>imitation is the highest kind of flattery</p>",
        "id": 245454869,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1625843102
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i made a few comments on the doc about possibly compensating for \"killing the severity signal by fixing stuff in nightly\"</p>",
        "id": 245454965,
        "sender_full_name": "Taylor Yu [they/she]",
        "timestamp": 1625843159
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bsteering.20meeting.5D.202021-07-09.3A.20f's.20part.203.20compiler-team.23435/near/245453017\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I don’t think the nature of this bug warranted an outright yank of the release itself</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I wasn't necessarily suggesting a permanent yank. Delaying the rollout while the situation is being assessed and resuming it later is another option.</p>",
        "id": 245457707,
        "sender_full_name": "The 8472",
        "timestamp": 1625844381
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"119031\">Esteban Küber</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bsteering.20meeting.5D.202021-07-09.3A.20f's.20part.203.20compiler-team.23435/near/245454170\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><em>if we had telemetry on nightly</em> wouldn't looking at the info for the last few days before promotion be enough? I find it will be hard to push many towards beta</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>There have been threads about providing carrots to get people on beta. E.g. a set of unstable features that aren't horribly unstable, just haven't been through all the bikeshadding and baking. Things that people currently abuse RUSTC_BOOTSTRAP for for example.</p>",
        "id": 245457951,
        "sender_full_name": "The 8472",
        "timestamp": 1625844503
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>does the beta channel disappear after the release? or does it point to stable, or to nightly? or do we not release until we have another beta lined up for the beta channel? this will influence the kinds of carrots we can offer in terms of feature previews, especially if we disable the previews on stable.</p>",
        "id": 245458703,
        "sender_full_name": "Taylor Yu [they/she]",
        "timestamp": 1625844908
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>From my understanding, <del>modulo a few hours while things are being built</del>, stable always points to <code>1.x</code>, beta to <code>1.(x + 1)</code> and nightly to <code>1.(x + 2)</code>.</p>",
        "id": 245459590,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1625845388
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Actually I think that part is wrong. There are a few days prior to the stable release where beta points to the \"next\" beta but stable hasn't been released yet.</p>",
        "id": 245459814,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1625845496
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>But you can always keep downloading a specific, older beta, right?</p>",
        "id": 245459827,
        "sender_full_name": "The 8472",
        "timestamp": 1625845502
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't know if that's true <em>forever</em>, but I think it is in the short-term.</p>",
        "id": 245459970,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1625845573
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"125250\">Wesley Wiser</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bsteering.20meeting.5D.202021-07-09.3A.20f's.20part.203.20compiler-team.23435/near/245459814\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Actually I think that part is wrong. There are a few days prior to the stable release where beta points to the \"next\" beta but stable hasn't been released yet.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>that might have some benefits. users who choose \"beta always\" could then gain reliable access to feature previews (unless we choose to withdraw a feature after making it available for preview, which hopefully is rare?) and not lose them unpredictably (which they might if we set beta=stable and disabled previews in stable). on the other hand, users who intend to only stay with a beta until the corresponding stable is released might get a nasty surprise by getting a new beta that they didn't expect, prior to that stable release</p>",
        "id": 245460631,
        "sender_full_name": "Taylor Yu [they/she]",
        "timestamp": 1625845938
    }
]