[
    {
        "content": "<p>Hi <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"897\">@T-compiler/meeting</span> ; we’ll be having a steering meeting starting in about 100 minutes, at <time datetime=\"2021-07-16T14:00:00Z\">2021-07-16T10:00:00-04:00</time> , on the Review Policy for Pull Requests</p>",
        "id": 246215453,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626437923
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(do steering meeting get added to the calendar? I'm subscribed to the Rust meetings calendar, but this doesn't show up. )</p>",
        "id": 246215788,
        "sender_full_name": "rylev",
        "timestamp": 1626438128
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>darn no I forgot even after noting yesterday that I had forgotten</p>",
        "id": 246216463,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626438583
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I’ll add it now though I know it doesn’t do much good at this late point</p>",
        "id": 246216472,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626438595
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hello <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"897\">@T-compiler/meeting</span>! Since I have made today's proposal, I'll be driving the meeting today; <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span> will be taking notes.</p>",
        "id": 246226449,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626444057
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We'll start the meeting by giving everyone 10 minutes for reading the <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/2j3az2BdSr2-QrsUp_ZktQ?view\">proposed policy</a> and asking clarifying questions in the stream here. Ask questions but please don't jump into a debate just yet <code>:)</code><br>\n<span aria-label=\"book\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f4d6\" role=\"img\" title=\"book\">:book:</span> means you've started reading, <span aria-label=\"checkered flag\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f3c1\" role=\"img\" title=\"checkered flag\">:checkered_flag:</span> means you're done reading.</p>",
        "id": 246226525,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626444092
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I’ll  be taking notes here, since I don’t want to perturb the document itself: <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/WuHj-MEMRRiHQ06qW6Z3rQ\">https://hackmd.io/WuHj-MEMRRiHQ06qW6Z3rQ</a> )</p>",
        "id": 246226861,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626444230
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think it'd be good to add some section on \"not assigned reviews\" and best practices there -- both in terms of how to indicate you aren't the final reviewer to the author, but also whether e.g. it's acceptable to r- someone's PR asking them to cleanup commit history / fix the description / etc.</p>",
        "id": 246227691,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1626444593
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>OK, it seems that everyone is finished reading</p>",
        "id": 246227810,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626444644
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We are reading the linked “Technical aspects of Reviewing” too, right?</p>",
        "id": 246227837,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626444662
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Are there any unclear points that we should go into right now?</p>",
        "id": 246227838,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626444663
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hold on, I wasn’t finished reading</p>",
        "id": 246227850,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626444670
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think someone unclicked their book</p>",
        "id": 246227855,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626444675
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>OK</p>",
        "id": 246227869,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626444684
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bsteering.20meeting.5D.202021-07-16.20compiler-team.23444/near/246227837\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>We are reading the linked “Technical aspects of Reviewing” too, right?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>It's enough to know that it's basically an explanation of how bors works, etc</p>",
        "id": 246227926,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626444720
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Okay I skimmed “Technical Aspects of Reviewing”, I think I’m ready now</p>",
        "id": 246227981,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626444727
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>for the purpose of this discussion</p>",
        "id": 246227985,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626444728
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>OK, I'd like to structure this meeting so that we discuss and answer a few <strong>general questions</strong> first, and then vote which parts of the Guidance section need discussion. For the vote the options are:</p>\n<ul>\n<li><span aria-label=\"ok\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44c\" role=\"img\" title=\"ok\">:ok:</span> This section is basically OK as is.</li>\n<li><span aria-label=\"speaking head\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f5e3\" role=\"img\" title=\"speaking head\">:speaking_head:</span> I want to discuss this now!</li>\n<li><span aria-label=\"writing\" class=\"emoji emoji-270d\" role=\"img\" title=\"writing\">:writing:</span> the content of the section is OK but needs some word smithing (to be done later)</li>\n</ul>\n<p>By having the word smithing option I hope that we can avoid getting bogged down in minor matters that are better discussed later in a smaller group or asynchronously. Questions of wording can also be dealt with on the PR that will merge this policy.</p>",
        "id": 246228051,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626444771
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"124287\">mw</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bsteering.20meeting.5D.202021-07-16.20compiler-team.23444/near/246227838\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Are there any unclear points that we should go into right now?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>For this, maybe we should run down the questions in the gutter on right hand side?</p>",
        "id": 246228058,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626444775
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ah, skimming that, its largely feedback, not Q’s about content</p>",
        "id": 246228127,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626444809
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yup</p>",
        "id": 246228147,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626444818
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The <strong>general questions</strong> I'd like to clarify first are:</p>\n<ol>\n<li>\n<p>Does everyone agree with the three \"basic reviewing requirements\" or is this missing something important?: </p>\n<ul>\n<li>reviewer needs to understand code</li>\n<li>PR must have a concise description of changes and a rationale</li>\n<li>reviewer must determine if they<ul>\n<li>are a good fit for reviewing themselves,</li>\n<li>need to re-assign, or</li>\n<li>escalate via MCP</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>\n<p>Does everyone agree that a reviewing checklist posted by highfive bot on every PR is generally a good idea?</p>\n</li>\n<li>Is the proposed checklist acceptable? Is there something missing? Can we shrink it without losing valuable reminders?</li>\n</ol>",
        "id": 246228164,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626444826
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Let's start with questions (1): Does everyone agree with the three \"basic reviewing requirements\" or is this missing something important?</p>",
        "id": 246228261,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626444854
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>OK</p>",
        "id": 246228366,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626444907
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think rationale (aka. the \"why?\") isn't always necessary, but also that when its useful people generally fail to provide it.</p>",
        "id": 246228377,
        "sender_full_name": "nagisa",
        "timestamp": 1626444912
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah, the rationale can be really short too</p>",
        "id": 246228424,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626444934
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>What are examples where its unnecessary? when linked issues have full explanation?</p>",
        "id": 246228427,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626444937
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I would say</p>",
        "id": 246228428,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626444937
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or when title is rationale?</p>",
        "id": 246228440,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626444942
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Sometimes the rationale is in the title, e.g. the title says \"cleanup\" and you look at the code and see \"yep, that's a cleanup\"/</p>",
        "id": 246228486,
        "sender_full_name": "Vadim Petrochenkov",
        "timestamp": 1626444960
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Adding a regression test would fall into that bucket I feel, though I guess one can interpret \"Fixes <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/1234\">#1234</a>\" as a rationale?</p>",
        "id": 246228539,
        "sender_full_name": "nagisa",
        "timestamp": 1626444967
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>My current opinion here is that its better to include the redundant info, i.e. summarize what is being fixed when it fixes an  issue (and include the issue number nonetheless, of course)</p>",
        "id": 246228597,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626444996
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>\"Cleanup\" is a \"what\", rather than \"why\" though.</p>",
        "id": 246228600,
        "sender_full_name": "nagisa",
        "timestamp": 1626444997
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I would prefer if the PR message itself gives a one sentence description of the problem being fixed</p>",
        "id": 246228612,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626445004
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but if there's a linked issue that's good enough</p>",
        "id": 246228639,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626445018
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>“cleanup” is an interesting example though.</p>",
        "id": 246228653,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626445025
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah</p>",
        "id": 246228701,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626445052
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>In general, I would say the rationale should be roughly proportional to the size of the PR. If the PR just adds a regression test, not much rationale is required. If the PR is +900 -600 lines, we probably need more than just \"Fixes <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/12345\">#12345</a>\"</p>",
        "id": 246228726,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1626445064
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>cleanup is usually self-motivated, except in the past cases where team pushed back and said that the cleanup in question was an anti-pattern</p>",
        "id": 246228733,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626445066
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(e.g. solely punctuation smithing of comments)</p>",
        "id": 246228806,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626445085
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>THe main question here is: Would someone trying to understand the PR in a year’s time be able to reconstruct what’s going on?</p>",
        "id": 246228832,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626445101
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if that is the case, then there's enough rationale in the description, I'd say</p>",
        "id": 246228851,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626445118
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe we should have an \"examples\" appendix for questions like this</p>",
        "id": 246228946,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626445167
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think it's worth saying something like \"quickly reconstruct\", fwiw -- it seems important that you don't need to, say, read a full RFC discussion to figure out the rationale for a change.</p>",
        "id": 246228963,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1626445177
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that sounds reasonable</p>",
        "id": 246229040,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626445204
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>With diagnostic PRs it's often the case that the rationale (motivation) is clear enough - improving observable diagnostics, but nobody is going to reconstruct the logic in a year without investing work.</p>",
        "id": 246229092,
        "sender_full_name": "Vadim Petrochenkov",
        "timestamp": 1626445225
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it's always a tradeoff - you don;t want to re-explain the RFC :)</p>",
        "id": 246229096,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626445226
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I would also say that sometimes rationale can/should be found in code comments rather than the PR description itself</p>",
        "id": 246229162,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1626445257
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>If this text is intended to become guidelines, I would also add after “high level description\" a ”(what is this changing?)” and after \"rationale\" a “why is this change being made” elaboration. It would help people who aren't native speakers to understand how to write a commit message.</p>",
        "id": 246229222,
        "sender_full_name": "nagisa",
        "timestamp": 1626445292
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>In any case: rationales need to be quickly reconstructed. The logic (e.g. <em>why</em> a certain approach was chosen) need not be</p>",
        "id": 246229250,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626445309
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I had a trouble for a long time before somebody explained this to me in “what” and “why” terms.</p>",
        "id": 246229251,
        "sender_full_name": "nagisa",
        "timestamp": 1626445309
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"232957\">@Jack Huey</span> yes, that too. but the rationale is mostly a tool for helping others understand the code more quickly</p>",
        "id": 246229261,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626445313
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"124287\">mw</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bsteering.20meeting.5D.202021-07-16.20compiler-team.23444/near/246228946\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>maybe we should have an \"examples\" appendix for questions like this</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I think this would be helpful in general as something to point new contributors to (\"Please try to format your PRs like this ...\")</p>",
        "id": 246229368,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1626445347
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>good idea, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"123586\">@nagisa</span></p>",
        "id": 246229379,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626445351
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>OK, but it seems that we are in basic agreement about this, right?</p>",
        "id": 246229474,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626445395
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Drive-by comment:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>maintainability (e.g. complex code, no documentation, unsafe)</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>maintainability is often in the eyes of the beholder. There are also a lot of folklore knowledge rules (\"don't overuse <code>impl Fn</code>, as that increases compile times\"). In rust-analyzer, I've found it useful to accumulate such rules in a <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-analyzer/rust-analyzer/blob/master/docs/dev/style.md#constructors\">dedicated document</a>, to normalize the code, and to quickly ramp up new contributors</p>",
        "id": 246229512,
        "sender_full_name": "matklad",
        "timestamp": 1626445413
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah, a style guide might be a good idea</p>",
        "id": 246229615,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626445447
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>let's proceed: (2) Does everyone agree that a reviewing checklist posted by highfive bot on every PR is generally a good idea?</p>",
        "id": 246229624,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626445453
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think a checklist is an awesomely useful thing</p>",
        "id": 246229665,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626445472
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but it must not be too long</p>",
        "id": 246229687,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626445485
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, I think I’ve had my mind changed on this, and am now pro checklist</p>",
        "id": 246229698,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626445488
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm wishy-washy on this.</p>",
        "id": 246229713,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1626445501
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We should aviod highfive posting multiple messages after each other (\"guidelines\", \"warning this changes submodules/targets/rustdoc...\" etc)</p>",
        "id": 246229751,
        "sender_full_name": "nagisa",
        "timestamp": 1626445518
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It's a nice idea; I'm curious how it'll play out in practice</p>",
        "id": 246229755,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1626445519
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"232957\">@Jack Huey</span> that's good enough for me</p>",
        "id": 246229787,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626445537
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>FWIW nixpkgs uses a github PR template for this.</p>",
        "id": 246229804,
        "sender_full_name": "nagisa",
        "timestamp": 1626445545
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think the checklist should be part of highfive's first message</p>",
        "id": 246229816,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626445553
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>e.g. things like keeping an eye out for liscencing/copyright infringement issues; its something that seasoned team members should know to look for, but it happens relatively rarely, and that’s <em>why</em> it needs to be on a cheklist.</p>",
        "id": 246229903,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626445579
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think a PR template is also a good idea</p>",
        "id": 246229904,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626445579
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't think we should put the checklist in the PR description until we can get bors to skip putting it in the git commits (which seems like a pain)</p>",
        "id": 246229960,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1626445607
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I've found myself using the checklist from the proposal quite a bit the last two weeks</p>",
        "id": 246229970,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626445613
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and found it helpful</p>",
        "id": 246229980,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626445617
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116122\">@simulacrum</span> it would be in an extra comment, right?</p>",
        "id": 246230047,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626445651
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Are we thinking this checklist will be posted to all PRs to rust-lang/rust or just ones that touch files inside <code>compiler/</code>? If the former, do we need to give other teams a chance to weigh in or at least a heads up this is coming?</p>",
        "id": 246230050,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1626445652
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116122\">simulacrum</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bsteering.20meeting.5D.202021-07-16.20compiler-team.23444/near/246229960\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I don't think we should put the checklist in the PR description until we can get bors to skip putting it in the git commits (which seems like a pain)</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>You don’t think it’d be easy to include some marker that is “everything below this will not be included in commit message” ?</p>",
        "id": 246230067,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626445664
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Would it make sense for us to utilize github PR templates for the contributor side of guidelines and then highfive comment for the reviewer side?</p>",
        "id": 246230082,
        "sender_full_name": "nagisa",
        "timestamp": 1626445676
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Well, I'm more worried that the checklist will inevitably get some meaningful information embedded if we put it in the PR description</p>",
        "id": 246230144,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1626445693
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't think the checklist should be part of the PR description</p>",
        "id": 246230207,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626445721
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Oh, its in a comment?</p>",
        "id": 246230238,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626445739
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes</p>",
        "id": 246230246,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626445743
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess each time you review you may need a fresh checklist</p>",
        "id": 246230263,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626445749
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>highfive just posts a message</p>",
        "id": 246230268,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626445751
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The only problem with the checklist being in a comment is then only members can check things off</p>",
        "id": 246230308,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1626445773
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we have something like this already, right?</p>",
        "id": 246230309,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626445774
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(which could be good or bad, I suppose)</p>",
        "id": 246230332,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1626445789
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Do the PR templates apply to PRs created via clicking the link GH leaves when you push a branch to a fork? </p>\n<div class=\"codehilite\"><pre><span></span><code>remote: Create a pull request for &#39;foobar&#39; on GitHub by visiting:\nremote:      https://github.com/wesleywiser/rust/pull/new/foobar\n</code></pre></div>\n<p>I don't think I've ever used the GH UI to start the PR process. I always follow this link.</p>",
        "id": 246230349,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1626445794
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the checklist does not need to be actually checked</p>",
        "id": 246230395,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626445807
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yes, highfive already posts a message on every PR</p>",
        "id": 246230404,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1626445808
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It's easy to edit it</p>",
        "id": 246230447,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1626445816
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it's just a helper for remembering what to look out for</p>",
        "id": 246230457,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626445822
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"125250\">Wesley Wiser</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bsteering.20meeting.5D.202021-07-16.20compiler-team.23444/near/246230349\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Do the PR templates apply to PRs created via clicking the link GH leaves when you push a branch to a fork? </p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I believe so. (This is the same link you follow when you create a PR via GH interface)</p>",
        "id": 246230473,
        "sender_full_name": "nagisa",
        "timestamp": 1626445829
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>probably should make them <em>not</em> checkable</p>",
        "id": 246230488,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626445834
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116122\">simulacrum</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bsteering.20meeting.5D.202021-07-16.20compiler-team.23444/near/246230404\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Yes, highfive already posts a message on every PR</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>that's what I had in mind</p>",
        "id": 246230515,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626445847
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i.e. just <span aria-label=\"checkbox\" class=\"emoji emoji-2611\" role=\"img\" title=\"checkbox\">:checkbox:</span> , not </p>\n<ul>\n<li>[ ] thing</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 246230516,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626445848
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it's just a tool for reducing the mental load for authors and reviewers</p>",
        "id": 246230607,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626445892
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>at least as I imagine it</p>",
        "id": 246230641,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626445907
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"123586\">nagisa</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bsteering.20meeting.5D.202021-07-16.20compiler-team.23444/near/246230473\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"125250\">Wesley Wiser</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bsteering.20meeting.5D.202021-07-16.20compiler-team.23444/near/246230349\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Do the PR templates apply to PRs created via clicking the link GH leaves when you push a branch to a fork? </p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I believe so. (This is the same link you follow when you create a PR via GH interface)</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Right. But if I follow the link, it usually prefills the PR description with the commit message if there's only one commit or with the branch name if there are multiple. I'm not sure if that would override the PR template or not. <span aria-label=\"thinking\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f914\" role=\"img\" title=\"thinking\">:thinking:</span></p>",
        "id": 246230659,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1626445915
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I would basically add the checklist to this message: <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/86368#issuecomment-862467003\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/86368#issuecomment-862467003</a></p>",
        "id": 246230807,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626445982
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Does that sound like something we might want to try?</p>",
        "id": 246230894,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626446018
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we can always remove it if it is annoying</p>",
        "id": 246230918,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626446031
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>OK, question(s) 3: Is the proposed checklist acceptable? Is there something missing? Can we shrink it without losing valuable reminders?</p>",
        "id": 246231023,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626446065
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Licensing issues came up already</p>",
        "id": 246231074,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626446087
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>should it inline a high-level summary of what needs MCP?</p>",
        "id": 246231129,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626446114
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>people aren’t going to follow the link</p>",
        "id": 246231137,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626446119
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>a very short one maybe</p>",
        "id": 246231164,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626446137
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think I would not throw a grab bag of things in there, or make it too long. It's probably already 50% too long for people to consistently check it.</p>",
        "id": 246231172,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1626446141
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Licensing issues and MCP feel like things that people will have a good gut feeling about.</p>",
        "id": 246231197,
        "sender_full_name": "nagisa",
        "timestamp": 1626446152
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"124287\">mw</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bsteering.20meeting.5D.202021-07-16.20compiler-team.23444/near/246231164\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>a very short one maybe</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>\"something that would require updates to the rustc-dev-guide or the rustc book” is on forge</p>",
        "id": 246231202,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626446154
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah, the shorter the better - but everything that is not in the list will be invisible</p>",
        "id": 246231278,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626446174
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think e.g. on licensing we would do better to detect changes to Cargo.lock and force/suggest a particular reviewer for that. If something references an MCP, perhaps we can detect that without too much trouble, too</p>",
        "id": 246231285,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1626446177
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I would think reviewers would be familiar with MCPs at least enough for the mention to jog their memory and suggest it to the author if appropriate.</p>",
        "id": 246231289,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1626446179
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay, I retract suggestion of elaborating on “MCP\"</p>",
        "id": 246231348,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626446211
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah, a link is fine</p>",
        "id": 246231373,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626446220
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>this should be a list of \"reminders\"</p>",
        "id": 246231396,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626446232
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>Does the PR need a regression test?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Could this be generalized to just \"test\"?</p>",
        "id": 246231414,
        "sender_full_name": "nagisa",
        "timestamp": 1626446239
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>What about asking if description includes <em>links</em> to relevant context? e.g. issue numbers, MCP number, RFC?</p>",
        "id": 246231435,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626446249
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>aren't all tests regression tests? :)</p>",
        "id": 246231446,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626446255
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>No?</p>",
        "id": 246231459,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626446261
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Tests of new features != regression</p>",
        "id": 246231483,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626446273
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>One thing that seems to be missing (or I'm not seeing it) is documentation/code comments. I've had wildly different experiences with reviewers when it comes to their preference for comments so this might need additional litigation.</p>",
        "id": 246231492,
        "sender_full_name": "rylev",
        "timestamp": 1626446277
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Tests of new features = tests that the feature doesn;t regress?</p>",
        "id": 246231586,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626446320
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>documentation is mentioned under \"regressions\"</p>",
        "id": 246231655,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626446360
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but it could be more prominent</p>",
        "id": 246231668,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626446367
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>For \"reviewer needs to understand code\" part it's not clear whether it's a prerequisite (you are familiar with this part of the compiler), or you may gain some understanding in time before merging.</p>",
        "id": 246231712,
        "sender_full_name": "Vadim Petrochenkov",
        "timestamp": 1626446389
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"124287\">mw</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bsteering.20meeting.5D.202021-07-16.20compiler-team.23444/near/246231655\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>documentation is mentioned under \"regressions\"</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Ah yea - adding documentation for new code doesn't strike me as a regression, but I do see how it ended up there. I wouldn't call that particularly clear though</p>",
        "id": 246231839,
        "sender_full_name": "rylev",
        "timestamp": 1626446429
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"123856\">@Vadim Petrochenkov</span> this is what I tried to capture with the questions:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Would I be able to spot non-obvious side effects?</li>\n<li>Would I be able to fix a bug introduced by this PR?</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 246231853,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626446442
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"123856\">Vadim Petrochenkov</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bsteering.20meeting.5D.202021-07-16.20compiler-team.23444/near/246231712\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>For \"reviewer needs to understand code\" part it's not clear whether it's a prerequisite (you are familiar with this part of the compiler), or you may gain some understanding in time before merging.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I think its acceptable for a reviewer to take on duty of gaining expertise in that area of code in order to review PR. But they may want to check in with author about it, since the PR author may want quicker turn around time?</p>",
        "id": 246231954,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626446495
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't think you need to be an expert in the area of the code</p>",
        "id": 246231956,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626446496
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Along these lines, I really hope we have a bit of time to talk about review queue and such. Because I feel like this intersects with that: if there are substantially more people in the queue, it's much more acceptable to give an early review then reassign to someone to \"sign off\"</p>",
        "id": 246231988,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1626446516
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but you need to be able to tell how much you don't know about it :)</p>",
        "id": 246231992,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626446518
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"232957\">@Jack Huey</span> I added a section to the guidance part about this</p>",
        "id": 246232095,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626446561
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I imagine this is what we'll discuss first</p>",
        "id": 246232115,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626446571
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>OK, have we collected enough info to continue the discussion of the checklist contents asynchronously?</p>",
        "id": 246232200,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626446614
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Then I would propose to move on</p>",
        "id": 246232231,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626446629
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>Can we shrink it without losing valuable reminders?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>The \"reviewer must determine\" is important as a \"progress guarantee\" and should certainly be kept.<br>\nWithout such a guarantee a commonly employed reviewing strategy is \"if I ignore it it will go away\", which is kind of true - in a month or so it will go away because the triage team will reassign the PR leaving one disappointed contributor.</p>",
        "id": 246232243,
        "sender_full_name": "Vadim Petrochenkov",
        "timestamp": 1626446637
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Please vote what sections to discuss in more detail. Again, the options are:</p>\n<ul>\n<li><span aria-label=\"ok\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44c\" role=\"img\" title=\"ok\">:ok:</span> This section is basically OK as is.</li>\n<li><span aria-label=\"speaking head\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f5e3\" role=\"img\" title=\"speaking head\">:speaking_head:</span> I want to discuss this now!</li>\n<li><span aria-label=\"writing\" class=\"emoji emoji-270d\" role=\"img\" title=\"writing\">:writing:</span> the content of the section is OK but needs some word smithing (to be done later)</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 246232387,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626446701
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>I don't think I am a good fit for reviewing - what now?</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 246232413,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626446710
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>It is unclear if something constitutes a major change</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 246232428,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626446716
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>Intransparent discussion and rationale</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 246232439,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626446719
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>Reviewer and PR author report to the same entity / work for the same employer</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 246232447,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626446723
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>Reviewing and Mentoring</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 246232454,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626446728
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>Nobody understands the code that's being changed</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 246232465,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626446733
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(man, so many emoji)</p>",
        "id": 246232595,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626446789
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"124287\">@mw</span> you want to discuss all those sections?</p>",
        "id": 246232768,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626446875
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or are you adding them as templates to comments? (the way I do e.g. for beta backport nominations)</p>",
        "id": 246232819,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626446885
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it's for voting</p>",
        "id": 246232900,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626446925
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>which clearly doesn't scale :)</p>",
        "id": 246232923,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626446933
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay so yes, you yourself are not voting. Just double checking</p>",
        "id": 246232928,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626446935
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I voted on all of them, as not to skew the result</p>",
        "id": 246232958,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626446957
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>… right, “voting\" on all of them (i.e. clicking all the emojis on every line) is the same as not voting, right?</p>",
        "id": 246233097,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626447017
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I feel like one question that we should ask: How do we get more people in the review queue?</p>",
        "id": 246233134,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1626447037
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>OK, it looks like we have 3 topics to discuss</p>",
        "id": 246233147,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626447044
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It doesn't quite fit any of the topics</p>",
        "id": 246233164,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1626447053
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"232957\">Jack Huey</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bsteering.20meeting.5D.202021-07-16.20compiler-team.23444/near/246233134\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I feel like one question that we should ask: How do we get more people in the review queue?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I have thoughts on this that I’ve been sharing with Wesley but I don’t want to side track meeting about my ideas.</p>",
        "id": 246233186,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626447065
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think that should be a separate design meeting</p>",
        "id": 246233194,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626447070
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It certainly warrants one</p>",
        "id": 246233220,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626447083
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>OK, first topic: I don't think I am a good fit for reviewing - what now?</p>",
        "id": 246233272,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626447117
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"232957\">@Jack Huey</span>, you voted on that</p>",
        "id": 246233349,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626447138
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, mostly because I thought it was the best place for the review queue</p>",
        "id": 246233396,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1626447161
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>gotcha, I understand that</p>",
        "id": 246233408,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626447167
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>But</p>",
        "id": 246233414,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1626447168
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I do think there is one minor talking point:</p>",
        "id": 246233452,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1626447186
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>What about the case where you don't think you know the code well, but you know a <em>team</em> that does</p>",
        "id": 246233504,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1626447215
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Assign review to that team’s lead?</p>",
        "id": 246233549,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626447235
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>does r? @&lt;team&gt; support that yet?</p>",
        "id": 246233554,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626447239
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i.e. should we have something like r? @rust-lang/wg-traits</p>",
        "id": 246233579,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1626447243
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>with note saying “please delegate”?</p>",
        "id": 246233613,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626447247
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I voted <span aria-label=\"writing\" class=\"emoji emoji-270d\" role=\"img\" title=\"writing\">:writing:</span> on this because I feel like if you're not feeling comfotable with reviewing a PR, it is unlikely you'll be able to accurately gauge the scope of the PR and/or its contentiousness.</p>",
        "id": 246233636,
        "sender_full_name": "nagisa",
        "timestamp": 1626447257
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>OK, first topic: I don't think I am a good fit for reviewing - what now?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>For the \"if you know just the right person for the review, assign them via r? @&lt;github-name&gt;\" GitHub's suggestions are pretty good.</p>",
        "id": 246233637,
        "sender_full_name": "Vadim Petrochenkov",
        "timestamp": 1626447258
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"232957\">Jack Huey</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bsteering.20meeting.5D.202021-07-16.20compiler-team.23444/near/246233579\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>i.e. should we have something like r? @rust-lang/wg-traits</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I think we do now, right?</p>",
        "id": 246233646,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626447261
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think it should be the last point in the list IMO, below the options to reassign.</p>",
        "id": 246233669,
        "sender_full_name": "nagisa",
        "timestamp": 1626447272
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>And we can be more generous on adding more specific \"teams\" to highfive</p>",
        "id": 246233684,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1626447278
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>In terms of protocol, assigning a whole team to review seems like an intermediate step, not an end point</p>",
        "id": 246233735,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626447302
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it still needs a more specific owner, right?</p>",
        "id": 246233757,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626447309
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Well, right now people will cc a team</p>",
        "id": 246233803,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1626447326
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but the person who’s currently typing <code>r?</code> shouldn’t have to be in charge of identifying the more specific owner</p>",
        "id": 246233806,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626447327
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Right <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span></p>",
        "id": 246233828,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1626447337
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>r? @team will role the dice within that team now, right?</p>",
        "id": 246233834,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626447339
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes</p>",
        "id": 246233849,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1626447344
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so I'm just saying I think we should add more specific teams</p>",
        "id": 246233877,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1626447357
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh. I guess that’s okay too. (I still think team lead is better choice, in terms of load balancing)</p>",
        "id": 246233884,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626447360
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or even \"areas\"</p>",
        "id": 246233935,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1626447366
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(but if people are cool with dice, i won’t complain)</p>",
        "id": 246233959,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626447374
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>codegen, incremental, traits, all come to mind</p>",
        "id": 246233973,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1626447381
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>debuginfo!</p>",
        "id": 246234008,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626447393
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>of course, my statement about “team lead” being best is assuming we’re talking about a team that is actively meeting</p>",
        "id": 246234049,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626447408
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>OK, 5 minutes left</p>",
        "id": 246234102,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626447425
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>e.g. holding regular meetings or similar interactions where team lead can be expected to triage these things</p>",
        "id": 246234109,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626447428
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Right. And applies less when it's a general \"area\" like codegen</p>",
        "id": 246234122,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1626447436
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it sounds like that particular discussion would fit into the balancing the queue meeting, right?</p>",
        "id": 246234150,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626447446
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(and unfortunately e.g.  not every team is able to do that. Including ones I’m lead of.)</p>",
        "id": 246234158,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626447452
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"124287\">mw</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bsteering.20meeting.5D.202021-07-16.20compiler-team.23444/near/246234150\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>it sounds like that particular discussion would fit into the balancing the queue meeting, right?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>yeah probably.</p>",
        "id": 246234167,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626447458
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yes, sorry, didn't want to sidetrack too much</p>",
        "id": 246234181,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1626447464
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>no worries :)</p>",
        "id": 246234190,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626447471
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span> : Reviewing and Mentoring</p>",
        "id": 246234284,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626447489
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>what would you like to discuss?</p>",
        "id": 246234303,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626447497
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I just wanted to check here</p>",
        "id": 246234305,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626447499
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if reviewer injects new code</p>",
        "id": 246234311,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626447504
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>can we treat original PR author as a reviewer?</p>",
        "id": 246234325,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626447512
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i.e. is pair programming sufficient review</p>",
        "id": 246234345,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626447522
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and if not, why wouldn’t it be?</p>",
        "id": 246234352,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626447526
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that's a good question</p>",
        "id": 246234366,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626447535
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think yes, if the author is not a first time contributor or something.</p>",
        "id": 246234387,
        "sender_full_name": "Vadim Petrochenkov",
        "timestamp": 1626447544
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think we’ll get the benefits we seek if we are flexible there</p>",
        "id": 246234438,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626447569
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>vs doggedly insisting on a 3rd reviewer in all such scenarios</p>",
        "id": 246234470,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626447583
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"123856\">@Vadim Petrochenkov</span> makes a good point that for newcomers, it would be good to pull in 3rd person</p>",
        "id": 246234502,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626447594
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think that's basically ok but the pair just need to keep in mind the guidelines around large/contentions changes.</p>",
        "id": 246234713,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1626447625
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay that’s all I had for that section</p>",
        "id": 246234717,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626447626
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>although we are not really talking about a mentoring situation in that case, right?</p>",
        "id": 246234767,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626447635
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well there’s different levels of mentoring</p>",
        "id": 246234826,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626447646
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes, true</p>",
        "id": 246234861,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626447652
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So, is it just \"not newcomers\" (i.e. the author has made changes before but is not on a team), or \"the author is on a team\"</p>",
        "id": 246235006,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1626447680
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>to some degree we have to rely on the authors/reviewers judgement anyway</p>",
        "id": 246235108,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626447700
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Time check: 2 minutes past 15:00 UTC.</p>",
        "id": 246235201,
        "sender_full_name": "nagisa",
        "timestamp": 1626447724
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yup. we are overtime</p>",
        "id": 246235255,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626447734
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Thanks everyone!</p>",
        "id": 246235288,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626447741
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think we made a lot of actual progress here!</p>",
        "id": 246235333,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626447753
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I didn’t have anything concrete to say about \"Nobody understands the code that’s being changed” other than “it would be good to figure out paths to get <em>out</em> of that situation. <span aria-label=\"smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f642\" role=\"img\" title=\"smile\">:smile:</span> )</p>",
        "id": 246235372,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626447768
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Thanks to everyone in <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"897\">@T-compiler/meeting</span> for attending!</p>",
        "id": 246235384,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1626447779
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'll talk to the compiler team leads on how to proceed exactly</p>",
        "id": 246235414,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626447796
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>have a good weekend!</p>",
        "id": 246235456,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626447818
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and let's make sure to get a meeting about review assignments scheduled too :)</p>",
        "id": 246235532,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626447844
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>please :)</p>",
        "id": 246235639,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1626447892
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm filing a placeholder steering meeting proposal for that now.</p>\n<p>Edit: <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/446\">https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/446</a></p>",
        "id": 246235675,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1626447914
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Does asking highfive to \"roll the dice again\" work today?</p>",
        "id": 246235923,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1626448048
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>according to <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/highfive/commit/aa7f7729f0d482721ed4f9556c94a60812969fa3\">https://github.com/rust-lang/highfive/commit/aa7f7729f0d482721ed4f9556c94a60812969fa3</a>, it does</p>",
        "id": 246236035,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1626448095
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Awesome! I need to tell a few other teams that!</p>",
        "id": 246236105,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1626448144
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It's not well tested and currently I think forces a whole-team ping, which under GH's model subscribes the team, so it's not perfect</p>",
        "id": 246236153,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1626448179
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116122\">@simulacrum</span> Ah, because it requires the <code>@</code> and doesn't allow just <code>r? rust-lang/team-name</code>?</p>",
        "id": 246236383,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1626448281
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(It might allow that too. Not sure).</p>",
        "id": 246236503,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1626448338
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>On the other hand non-members can't ping a team with or without the <code>@</code>.</p>",
        "id": 246236522,
        "sender_full_name": "nagisa",
        "timestamp": 1626448363
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We should definitely avoid recommending the <code>@</code> syntax, though.</p>",
        "id": 246236552,
        "sender_full_name": "nagisa",
        "timestamp": 1626448383
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The non-@ version <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/86062#issuecomment-881522721\">doesn't appear to work</a>.</p>",
        "id": 246236694,
        "sender_full_name": "nagisa",
        "timestamp": 1626448446
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>looks like a simple fix probably - <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/highfive/blob/master/highfive/newpr.py#L36\">https://github.com/rust-lang/highfive/blob/master/highfive/newpr.py#L36</a></p>",
        "id": 246236762,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1626448488
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Filed <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/highfive/issues/350\">highfive#350</a> for the non-<code>@</code> version</p>",
        "id": 246474763,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1626710567
    }
]