[
    {
        "content": "<p>Hi <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"897\">@T-compiler/meeting</span> ; I mistakenly thought yesterday that today was going to be a planning meeting, but I was wrong. Today is backlog bonanza, <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/484\">compiler-team#484</a></p>",
        "id": 274140303,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646405961
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"232957\">@Jack Huey</span> has prepared the initial doc, thank you so much for that Jack. It is here: <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/h_tyzNEKS_Kc2OY_rSm28g\">https://hackmd.io/h_tyzNEKS_Kc2OY_rSm28g</a></p>",
        "id": 274140737,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646406041
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>There are 16 issues listed there</p>",
        "id": 274140845,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646406087
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I suspect we won't be able to get through all 16 in an hour</p>",
        "id": 274140881,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646406103
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It's a bit sparse on details (just a list of issues and links), but should be enough to drive discussion</p>",
        "id": 274140882,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646406103
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Only 16?</p>",
        "id": 274140898,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646406109
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh no</p>",
        "id": 274140906,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646406114
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So many</p>",
        "id": 274140974,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646406127
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah I should have realized that was wrong</p>",
        "id": 274141002,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646406140
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>goodness, is there more than 200 ?</p>",
        "id": 274141116,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646406197
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>no</p>",
        "id": 274141141,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646406205
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Another point: if issues didn't have an appropriate team label, it will be included. So it's not unlikely some of these won't actually be T-compiler</p>",
        "id": 274141145,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646406207
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>155</p>",
        "id": 274141153,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646406210
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay so lets think for just a moment about how best to spend this time</p>",
        "id": 274141229,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646406240
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>in the lang team, we just have a list that's a queue</p>",
        "id": 274141290,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646406247
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and we don't try to get through all of them</p>",
        "id": 274141309,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646406254
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but rather, we accept that its going to take several rounds of meetings</p>",
        "id": 274141326,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646406266
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So my first instinct is to do just taht</p>",
        "id": 274141388,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646406290
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Agreed</p>",
        "id": 274141408,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646406297
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>walk through each item, figure out status and what next steps are, if any</p>",
        "id": 274141424,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646406302
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"125250\">@Wesley Wiser</span> do you have any suggestions for improving on that?</p>",
        "id": 274141458,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646406315
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yes. Should we adopt the same status labels as lang?</p>",
        "id": 274141483,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646406323
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>No, that sounds good. I would only add that we should also try to consider if some of the older issues should simply be closed (for a variety of reasons).</p>",
        "id": 274141546,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1646406346
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so the lang team status labels are as follows:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>S-tracking-ready-to-stabilize: Needs a stabilization PR (good to go <span aria-label=\"train\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f682\" role=\"img\" title=\"train\">:train:</span>)</li>\n<li>S-tracking-needs-to-bake: Needs time to bake (set a date? other criteria?)</li>\n<li>S-tracking-impl-incomplete: Not code complete or blocking bugs</li>\n<li>S-tracking-unimplemented: Implementation not begun</li>\n<li>S-tracking-design-concerns: Blocking design concerns<ul>\n<li>This might be \"doesn't quite seem to deliver value we hoped for\" or \"something doesn't feel right\"</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>S-tracking-perma-unstable<ul>\n<li>Internal implementation detail of rustc, stdlib</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>S-tracking-needs-investigation</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 274141683,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646406389
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>do these seem like these work for us?</p>",
        "id": 274141807,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646406449
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Looks pretty good</p>",
        "id": 274141853,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1646406467
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm willing to go with it. If nothing else, they already exist as labels</p>",
        "id": 274141882,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646406481
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so okay, lets go ahead with the first item on the list</p>",
        "id": 274142007,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646406512
    },
    {
        "content": "<h3>\"Implement where clauses\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/17657\">rust#17657</a></h3>\n<p><strong>Link:</strong> <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/17657\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/17657</a></p>",
        "id": 274142038,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646406516
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>this description was last updated in 2017</p>",
        "id": 274142184,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646406546
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and no real comments on thread since 2015</p>",
        "id": 274142212,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646406558
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>there are seven listed tasks, five of which are checked off</p>",
        "id": 274142271,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646406585
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The last checkbox is still unimplemented</p>",
        "id": 274142292,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646406601
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the two unchecked tasks have issues that are indeed not closed</p>",
        "id": 274142351,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646406609
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Seems <code>S-tracking-impl-incomplete</code>?</p>",
        "id": 274142423,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1646406647
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that's what I was thinking</p>",
        "id": 274142432,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646406651
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah</p>",
        "id": 274142438,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646406656
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>are there any feature gates that should be listed on this description here?</p>",
        "id": 274142457,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646406665
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The last item is itself a <code>C-tracking-issue</code> <span aria-label=\"laughing\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f606\" role=\"img\" title=\"laughing\">:laughing:</span></p>",
        "id": 274142482,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1646406677
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/20041\">#20041</a> is?</p>",
        "id": 274142534,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646406703
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah</p>",
        "id": 274142545,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1646406711
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh yeah, I see the label now</p>",
        "id": 274142580,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646406722
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>One question though: It might be the case that these just <em>don't</em> get implemented</p>",
        "id": 274142649,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646406742
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so for <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/20041\">#20041</a>, it appears to be S-tracking-unimplemented, right?</p>",
        "id": 274142683,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646406760
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I know Niko has had some concerns about arbitrary where clause equality constraints</p>",
        "id": 274142686,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646406761
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay, so maybe <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/20041\">#20041</a> is S-tracking-design-concerns ?</p>",
        "id": 274142711,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646406776
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe both? I don't know if these labels are meant to be exclusive, especially in that case</p>",
        "id": 274142758,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646406797
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think lang should be tagged in this for \"if these should still be implemented\"</p>",
        "id": 274142788,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646406809
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay</p>",
        "id": 274142803,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646406814
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>left comment and updated labels on <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/20041\">#20041</a></p>",
        "id": 274143031,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646406909
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>next</p>",
        "id": 274143071,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646406939
    },
    {
        "content": "<h3>\"Parse and accept type equality constraints in where clauses\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/20041\">rust#20041</a></h3>\n<p><strong>Link:</strong> <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/20041\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/20041</a></p>",
        "id": 274143086,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646406949
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh</p>",
        "id": 274143108,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646406955
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>just handled that</p>",
        "id": 274143116,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646406957
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>next</p>",
        "id": 274143124,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646406961
    },
    {
        "content": "<h3>\"Tracking issue for Consistent no-prelude attribute (RFC 501)\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/20561\">rust#20561</a></h3>\n<p><strong>Link:</strong> <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/20561\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/20561</a></p>",
        "id": 274143188,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646406975
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>no tasks lists in description, which hasn't been touched since it was first written in 2015 (and was just a link to <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/501\">rfc#501</a> )</p>",
        "id": 274143229,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646407008
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>last comment was in 2016</p>",
        "id": 274143262,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646407025
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>with pointer to bit-rotted PR <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/32025\">#32025</a></p>",
        "id": 274143286,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646407037
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Seems like it's implemented but not stabilized?</p>",
        "id": 274143302,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1646407044
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116011\">@Steve Klabnik</span> said in 2016 that:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Triage: so. This RFC happened pre-1.0, yet never landed. And it seems <code>no_implicit_prelude</code> does work on stable today. So, this would have to not be a re-naming, but a deprecation + new name?</p>\n</blockquote>",
        "id": 274143351,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646407074
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and then we had PR <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/80427\">#80427</a> more recently</p>",
        "id": 274143425,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646407098
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>where <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"123856\">@Vadim Petrochenkov</span> pointed out: </p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>The PR is from 2016 and the RFC is from 2014, the whole idea should probably be revised before proceeding.</p>\n<p>In recent years <code>#[no_implicit_prelude]</code> was mostly used in compiler tests and by people wanting to stress the compiler, it was also a source of problems during macro modularization and other name resolution changes. I'd personally be more interested in removing <code>#[no_implicit_prelude]</code> than in adding one more similar attribute.</p>\n</blockquote>",
        "id": 274143453,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646407117
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and likewise <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"124288\">@oli</span> added :</p>\n<blockquote>\n<blockquote>\n<p>The PR is from 2016 and the RFC is from 2014, the whole idea should probably be revised before proceeding.<br>\nIn recent years <code>#[no_implicit_prelude]</code> was mostly used in compiler tests and by people wanting to stress the compiler, it was also a source of problems during macro modularization and other name resolution changes.<br>\nI'd personally be more interested in removing <code>#[no_implicit_prelude]</code> than in adding one more similar attribute.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I have no real knowledge of this area, but I agree that just the existance of an RFC does not motivate the change, and I'm not sure the original motivation still applies (considering that there was no activity on the tracking issue for years).</p>\n<p>cc @Kimundi @Nemo157 how do you feel about abolishing this scheme entirely and coming up with something new that does not conflict with macro imports?</p>\n</blockquote>",
        "id": 274143494,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646407140
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So</p>",
        "id": 274143543,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646407157
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Sounds like this should just be scrapped?</p>",
        "id": 274143552,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646407160
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>S-tracking-design-concerns ?</p>",
        "id": 274143578,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646407171
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>S-tracking-design-concerns ?</p>",
        "id": 274143599,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646407181
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>at the very least we need to revisit the original motivation</p>",
        "id": 274143608,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646407184
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>design concerns and, yeah, I would tend to agree with closing (with fcp or not).</p>",
        "id": 274143622,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1646407192
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Or should this just be closed? AIUI it's already implemented and available on stable?</p>",
        "id": 274143626,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1646407193
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the situation feels prety confusing to me</p>",
        "id": 274143713,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646407217
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><code>#![no_implicit_prelude]</code> doesn't throw any stability error on playground for me</p>",
        "id": 274143726,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1646407225
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It's even documented in the reference <a href=\"https://doc.rust-lang.org/reference/names/preludes.html#the-no_implicit_prelude-attribute\">https://doc.rust-lang.org/reference/names/preludes.html#the-no_implicit_prelude-attribute</a></p>",
        "id": 274143768,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1646407248
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Well, I think this is for <code>no_prelude</code></p>",
        "id": 274143808,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646407267
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>And deprecating <code>no_implicit_prelude</code></p>",
        "id": 274143829,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646407277
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>how about ths</p>",
        "id": 274143859,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646407291
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>tag with S-tracking-design-concerns, and fcp close</p>",
        "id": 274143873,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646407299
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Next isn't a T-compiler issue</p>",
        "id": 274144078,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646407380
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I didn't filter out T-core</p>",
        "id": 274144091,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646407386
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Removing from the doc</p>",
        "id": 274144104,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646407393
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(As we go, let's make sure the relevant issues are tagged T-compiler if they aren't)</p>",
        "id": 274144181,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646407427
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>next</p>",
        "id": 274144252,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646407446
    },
    {
        "content": "<h3>\"Tracking issue for FastISel\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/26600\">rust#26600</a></h3>\n<p><strong>Link:</strong> <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/26600\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/26600</a></p>",
        "id": 274144255,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646407446
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>another one from 2015</p>",
        "id": 274144301,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646407463
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>definitely in <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"1176\">@WG-llvm</span> balliwick, yes?</p>",
        "id": 274144319,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646407475
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Should this kind of issue actually be tagged <code>C-tracking-issue</code>?</p>",
        "id": 274144353,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1646407489
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Not <em>really</em> a tracking issue, and some of the recent commentary suggests that this is something LLVM is moving away from anyway -- but I would be inclined to ping wg-llvm and ask if they want to just close it.</p>",
        "id": 274144366,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1646407496
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>GlobalISel is intended to be a replacement for SelectionDAG and FastISel, to solve three major problems:</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>(<a href=\"https://www.llvm.org/docs/GlobalISel/index.html\">https://www.llvm.org/docs/GlobalISel/index.html</a>)</p>",
        "id": 274144430,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1646407523
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I realize it says \"tracking issue for ...\" <span aria-label=\"smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f642\" role=\"img\" title=\"smile\">:smile:</span> but the tag description mentions RFCs and unstable features which this is neither)</p>",
        "id": 274144432,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1646407524
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I would be totally happy untagging, but then I would also want to just close it :)</p>",
        "id": 274144511,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1646407546
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Agreed</p>",
        "id": 274144532,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646407556
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess the presence of subtasks was why it got C-tracking-issue, though I suspect if none of those subtasks has an actual separate issue assigned, then the label isn't really helpful</p>",
        "id": 274144636,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646407587
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>is <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"123586\">@nagisa</span> or <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"133224\">@Nikita Popov</span> here?</p>",
        "id": 274144683,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646407611
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>If either one of them were to <span aria-label=\"thumbs up\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44d\" role=\"img\" title=\"thumbs up\">:thumbs_up:</span> closing this, then I'd say just do it</p>",
        "id": 274144728,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646407630
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe I'll just do that and cc them in the comment</p>",
        "id": 274144822,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646407676
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>For <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/27579\">#27579</a>, this is rough. Definitely needs a T-lang, and probably a WG-traits tag.</p>",
        "id": 274145026,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646407749
    },
    {
        "content": "<h3>\"Projections, lifetimes, and WF tracking issue (RFC 1214)\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/27579\">rust#27579</a></h3>\n<p><strong>Link:</strong> <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/27579\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/27579</a></p>",
        "id": 274145068,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646407772
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>what about the S-tracking-* label, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"232957\">@Jack Huey</span> ? or do you think T-lang/WG-traits should be the ones to figure that out?</p>",
        "id": 274145223,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646407820
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think maybe <code>S-tracking-needs-investigation</code> is best as a tracking issue tag; ideally we better delineate the work here in wg-traits</p>",
        "id": 274145296,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646407831
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't <em>really</em> know if this is best as a tracking issue</p>",
        "id": 274145375,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646407860
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>But it <em>is</em> design work that needs to be tracked</p>",
        "id": 274145391,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646407870
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>there is no S-tracking-needs-investigation</p>",
        "id": 274145438,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646407891
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>do you mean S-tracking-needs-summary ?</p>",
        "id": 274145456,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646407898
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hmm, it was in the list you wrote above</p>",
        "id": 274145581,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646407930
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>huh</p>",
        "id": 274145632,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646407951
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>you're right</p>",
        "id": 274145640,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646407953
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>needs-summary is fine</p>",
        "id": 274145641,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646407954
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I transcribed my list from a hackmd, but github is source of truth</p>",
        "id": 274145667,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646407967
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Or <code>design-concerns</code>. Whatever label is most appropriate for \"this is work that needs to be done, but not sure the best way to track it\"</p>",
        "id": 274145731,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646408008
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I cannot even tell <em>that</em> from what's here, so needs-summary seems good to me</p>",
        "id": 274145798,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646408042
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I went ahead with that</p>",
        "id": 274145831,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646408044
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>next</p>",
        "id": 274145852,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646408054
    },
    {
        "content": "<h3>\"Tracking issue for Allow a re-export for <code>main</code> (RFC 1260)\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/28937\">rust#28937</a></h3>\n<p><strong>Link:</strong> <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/28937\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/28937</a></p>",
        "id": 274145860,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646408060
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><code>main</code> got removed, right?</p>",
        "id": 274145910,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646408080
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Or something related</p>",
        "id": 274145936,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646408092
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>What's the current state of this? Are people using it successfully? Is it a potential candidate for stabilization?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<blockquote>\n<p>It's fully implemented, and the tests pass. There're no known technical limitations, but I'm not aware whether there're people using it today in nightly builds. I think it's a potential candidate for stablization.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>From 20 days ago</p>",
        "id": 274145942,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1646408094
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay so comment thread was useufl here</p>",
        "id": 274145968,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646408105
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>S-tracking-ready-to-stabilize right?</p>",
        "id": 274145998,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646408121
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, and maybe I-lang-nominated to kickoff an FCP?</p>",
        "id": 274146038,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1646408140
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"239881\">@Josh Triplett</span> already tagged it with S-tracking-needs-summary</p>",
        "id": 274146045,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646408144
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(That summary was provided, though, at least in very brief).</p>",
        "id": 274146069,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1646408159
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it also doesn't have a T- label</p>",
        "id": 274146131,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646408171
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess an FCP is a bit early, but maybe we can get someone to write a stabilization report.</p>",
        "id": 274146136,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1646408175
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it certainly sounds like this is in T-lang's court</p>",
        "id": 274146183,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646408195
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>If we're not sure if anyone is using it, it feels too early to stabilize to me.</p>",
        "id": 274146196,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1646408203
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so time-to-bake ?</p>",
        "id": 274146216,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646408214
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Maybe just needs a <code>T-lang</code> label then</p>",
        "id": 274146227,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646408217
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>not sure if we should relabel?</p>",
        "id": 274146254,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646408231
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Guess it doesn't hurt</p>",
        "id": 274146266,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646408238
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if there's not anyone <em>using</em> it, does time-to-bake help?</p>",
        "id": 274146283,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646408247
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>T-lang, I guess. I'd probably nominate for lang discussion on either moving ahead or removing it, personally -- if no one wants it, maybe it should just be dropped.</p>",
        "id": 274146306,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1646408259
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(versus, I don't know, evalgelism+advocacy?)</p>",
        "id": 274146313,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646408263
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Just question would be <code>needs-to-bake</code> or <code>ready-to-stabilize</code></p>",
        "id": 274146337,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646408275
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think +T-lang +I-lang-nominated</p>",
        "id": 274146469,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646408319
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bsteering.20meeting.5D.202022-03-04.20compiler-team.23484/near/274146283\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>if there's not anyone <em>using</em> it, does time-to-bake help?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I would say what we're waiting for is experience reports. Evangelism + advocacy could potentially help on that front.</p>",
        "id": 274146474,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1646408320
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>left a comment and added T-lang and I-lang-nominated</p>",
        "id": 274146484,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646408326
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>next</p>",
        "id": 274146538,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646408356
    },
    {
        "content": "<h3>\"Create a benchmark suite for uncovering runtime regressions\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/31265\">rust#31265</a></h3>\n<p><strong>Link:</strong> <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/31265\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/31265</a></p>",
        "id": 274146557,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646408366
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hmm</p>",
        "id": 274146679,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646408409
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>seems like this needs some initiative</p>",
        "id": 274146701,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646408419
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"130111\">@anp</span> sounded pretty engaged with it as of ... November 2020</p>",
        "id": 274146746,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646408434
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Is this really a tracking issue</p>",
        "id": 274146762,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646408441
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think this is actually one of the aspirational goals we identified for 2022.</p>",
        "id": 274146766,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1646408444
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>this is another case where a list of tasks led to this being labelled as tracking, I think</p>",
        "id": 274146854,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646408481
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>May be worth closing in favor of <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rustc-perf/issues/69\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rustc-perf/issues/69</a>.</p>",
        "id": 274146867,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1646408486
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>[Quotingâ€¦]<br>\nmaybe, though that's seen far less activity</p>",
        "id": 274146944,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646408516
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, for sure -- maybe moving it over to rustc-perf. I feel like it's (at least in my mind) a good idea to have these two share a lot of the underlying infra, as they have much the same needs in terms of display, analysis, etc</p>",
        "id": 274147058,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1646408551
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm in favor of closing</p>",
        "id": 274147074,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646408558
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(In any case, IMO not a tracking issue).</p>",
        "id": 274147081,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1646408564
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Or moving</p>",
        "id": 274147133,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646408584
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>lets shift it over to rustc-perf then</p>",
        "id": 274147179,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646408606
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't think we should close but it doesn't feel like a tracking issue to me. Moving to rustc-perf would also be ok.</p>",
        "id": 274147181,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1646408608
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm only closing to try to force others to migrate to point at the rustc-perf issue instead. Maybe foolish.</p>",
        "id": 274147375,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646408696
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but we are overloaded with issues on rust-lang/rust and so I'm entirely in favor of trying to migrate when it makes sense.</p>",
        "id": 274147413,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646408720
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(i.e. in this case, I don't think there's useful metadata in terms of intra-repo linkage that would motivate keeping <em>this</em> issue here. There are other issues where linking within the repo is super-valuable and thus motivates keeping an issue within rust-lang/rust)</p>",
        "id": 274147588,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646408785
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/37403\">#37403</a> is labeled, T-dev-tools, so maybe we don't need to discuss</p>",
        "id": 274147604,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646408793
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>huh</p>",
        "id": 274147631,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646408802
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>lets look at it nonetheless</p>",
        "id": 274147645,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646408809
    },
    {
        "content": "<h3>\"Tracking issue for #[link(kind)] connecting libraries on Windows\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/37403\">rust#37403</a></h3>\n<p><strong>Link:</strong> <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/37403\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/37403</a></p>",
        "id": 274147655,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646408814
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Why is this tagged <code>T-dev-tools</code>?</p>",
        "id": 274147692,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1646408839
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Seems like a lang/compiler feature.</p>",
        "id": 274147710,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1646408848
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, I think it was moved over from T-tools without too much thought.</p>",
        "id": 274147830,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1646408888
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think back then there was also more ambiguity over whether dev-tools or compiler owned the compiler CLI interface (at least my vague recollection is such)</p>",
        "id": 274147895,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1646408916
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>is it also T-lang , or just T-compiler ?</p>",
        "id": 274147924,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646408930
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Is this <code>needs-to-bake</code>, <code>ready-to-stabilize</code>, or <code>needs-summary</code>?</p>",
        "id": 274148011,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646408972
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think its <code>needs-summary</code></p>",
        "id": 274148030,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646408981
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think so too</p>",
        "id": 274148060,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646408994
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bsteering.20meeting.5D.202022-03-04.20compiler-team.23484/near/274147924\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>is it also T-lang , or just T-compiler ?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Feels like T-compiler to me.</p>",
        "id": 274148073,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1646408999
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Not sure how tests look for this, or if this is something worth stabilizing</p>",
        "id": 274148155,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646409018
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I was under the impression that all of that is stable already</p>",
        "id": 274148221,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1646409043
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess we need a summary ;)</p>",
        "id": 274148333,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1646409080
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>This is the commeent I left: </p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>From quickly skimming the comments here, I can tell there are people invested in this feature, but I cannot tell what its current status is (how much has been stabilized, how much was insta-stabilized, how much is still unstable), nor how much remains to be done, if anything.</p>\n</blockquote>",
        "id": 274148339,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646409082
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>petrochenkov has been quite a bit of work around <code>#[link]</code> recently and he assigned this to himself a few weeks ago.</p>",
        "id": 274148346,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1646409085
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>right, the fact that <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"123856\">@Vadim Petrochenkov</span> self-assigned implies to me that there is still useful work to be done here</p>",
        "id": 274148386,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646409102
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway needs-summary seems fine to me</p>",
        "id": 274148433,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646409120
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>next</p>",
        "id": 274148503,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646409134
    },
    {
        "content": "<h3>\"debuginfo: How to (ideally) represent reference and pointer types in DWARF\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/37504\">rust#37504</a></h3>\n<p><strong>Link:</strong> <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/37504\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/37504</a></p>",
        "id": 274148506,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646409135
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>hey sounds like a job for WG-debugging. (Or \"who ya gonna call? WG-debugging!\")</p>",
        "id": 274148545,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646409156
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't think this is a tracking issue</p>",
        "id": 274148557,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646409160
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>There's some useful discussion there -- but it's not a tracking issue, yes</p>",
        "id": 274148583,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1646409171
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yep, okay, lets just remove the label then</p>",
        "id": 274148609,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646409181
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So -C-tracking-issue +WG-debugging?</p>",
        "id": 274148646,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646409195
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It's already tagged <code>A-debuginfo</code> so we'll be able to find it a later.</p>",
        "id": 274148664,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1646409206
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>WG-debugging doesn't exist (yet!)</p>",
        "id": 274148677,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646409214
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>at least not as a label</p>",
        "id": 274148691,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646409223
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but yeah, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"125250\">@Wesley Wiser</span> has the right idea</p>",
        "id": 274148732,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646409236
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Is it actually useful to have both <code>A-debuginfo</code> and <code>WG-debugging</code>? Seems like those sets would mostly overlap :)</p>",
        "id": 274148747,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1646409242
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>there's lot of places where that happens</p>",
        "id": 274148818,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646409254
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Another T-dev-tools label</p>",
        "id": 274148834,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646409257
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>For the next</p>",
        "id": 274148855,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646409263
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"125250\">Wesley Wiser</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bsteering.20meeting.5D.202022-03-04.20compiler-team.23484/near/274148747\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Is it actually useful to have both <code>A-debuginfo</code> and <code>WG-debugging</code>? Seems like those sets would mostly overlap :)</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>(I think this is a broader pattern (anti-pattern?) that we'll need to answer for at some point</p>",
        "id": 274148898,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646409287
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i.e. I <em>think</em> there are coherent reasons for having distinct labels in such cases, but I cannot formulate them at the moment</p>",
        "id": 274148937,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646409308
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess <code>WG-debugging</code> could mean \"the working group is actively tracking this\" or something.</p>",
        "id": 274148940,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1646409308
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but pre-emptively tagging issues with <code>WG-</code> doesn't make sense then ...</p>",
        "id": 274148997,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1646409334
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>also there might end up being things that are not debuginfo but are still WG-debugging</p>",
        "id": 274149026,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646409346
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think the current state is fine. Let's move on? <span aria-label=\"smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f642\" role=\"img\" title=\"smile\">:smile:</span></p>",
        "id": 274149039,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1646409350
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah</p>",
        "id": 274149048,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646409354
    },
    {
        "content": "<h3>\"Tracking issue to stabilize --print target-spec-json\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/38338\">rust#38338</a></h3>\n<p><strong>Link:</strong> <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/38338\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/38338</a></p>",
        "id": 274149138,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646409370
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>This question seems pertinant: </p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Is there motivation from your end to have this on stable, rather than nightly-only?</p>\n</blockquote>",
        "id": 274149282,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646409425
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Seems like it's semi-stable, with a push to fully destabilize it?</p>",
        "id": 274149302,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646409433
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/71009\">#71009</a></p>",
        "id": 274149331,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646409445
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>Could we perhaps stabilize the output as \"subject to change\" in a sense that new values can be added and existing values removed only guaranteeing that the meaning of an existing value does not change? I think most consumers of this output will be perfectly capable of dealing with this.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I don't know how I feel about this philosophy</p>",
        "id": 274149370,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646409460
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>am I out of touch in thinking \"a user who's willing to deal with output that is subject to change\" is probably also willing to either 1. use a nightly , or 2. use the env var that makes stable think its nightly</p>",
        "id": 274149499,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646409503
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think we should not be encouraging use of the env that must not be named <span aria-label=\"silence\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f910\" role=\"img\" title=\"silence\">:silence:</span></p>",
        "id": 274149550,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1646409531
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it seems like a pretty strong stability guarantee</p>",
        "id": 274149584,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1646409541
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>obviously I must be wrong, or else people wouldn't be asking for this</p>",
        "id": 274149604,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646409547
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think for JSON output it feels weird to say 'may change drastically'; at the very least I would want <em>some</em> opt-in</p>",
        "id": 274149620,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1646409559
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>If the only \"stable\" guarantee is that its going to effectively render teh current (unstable) target spec</p>",
        "id": 274149797,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646409612
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>is that a reasonable \"stable\" guarantee to put forward? I'm not sure how meaningful it is, though I <em>can</em> see value in it</p>",
        "id": 274149896,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646409632
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(i.e. its way easier in some cases to call an option like this than to figure out <em>where</em> the definition is for a target spec...)</p>",
        "id": 274149957,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646409655
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>People like having <code>--emit mir,llvm-ir</code> etc on stable compilers even though the output isn't stable.</p>",
        "id": 274149970,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1646409658
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>This specific argument feels similar to me.</p>",
        "id": 274150006,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1646409671
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that's an important precedent. I like that</p>",
        "id": 274150018,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646409676
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think those are much harder to parse, though</p>",
        "id": 274150041,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1646409691
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>There's also a related question: <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/71009\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/71009</a></p>",
        "id": 274150045,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1646409693
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh lets finish this, the hour is up</p>",
        "id": 274150078,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646409709
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The original post says this:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>This issue is meant to track the stabilization of the rustc flag --print target-spec-json which will output the currently selected target as a valid target spec that can be loaded with --target for only the same version of the compiler that generated it.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Which seems reasonable</p>",
        "id": 274150082,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1646409711
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>S-tracking-ready-for-stabilization ?</p>",
        "id": 274150158,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646409727
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>-T-dev-tools +T-compiler too</p>",
        "id": 274150196,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646409747
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>How much should the outcome of <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/71009\">#71009</a> affect this?</p>",
        "id": 274150233,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1646409765
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>they seem tightly coupled to me</p>",
        "id": 274150259,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646409776
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We could add a header to the <code>--print target-spec-json</code> output that makes it invalid json and warns people to not depend on the output similar to <code>--emit mir</code>.</p>",
        "id": 274150286,
        "sender_full_name": "bjorn3",
        "timestamp": 1646409787
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>IE, if we decide to destabilize target spec JSON input, should we still stabilize the print option?</p>",
        "id": 274150317,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1646409798
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay I no longer think we can come to a conclusion in support of S-tracking-ready-for-stabilization</p>",
        "id": 274150390,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646409827
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so I'm going to tag with S-tracking-needs-summary instead</p>",
        "id": 274150404,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646409835
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and try to point out the issues that were raised here</p>",
        "id": 274150460,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646409844
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or maybe S-tracking-design-concerns ?</p>",
        "id": 274150481,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646409854
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>hmm</p>",
        "id": 274150484,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646409855
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"125250\">Wesley Wiser</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bsteering.20meeting.5D.202022-03-04.20compiler-team.23484/near/274150317\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>IE, if we decide to destabilize target spec JSON input, should we still stabilize the print option?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Rename it to <code>--print target-spec</code> first and allow the output to be human readable rather than json if we don't accept json target specs anymore?</p>",
        "id": 274150495,
        "sender_full_name": "bjorn3",
        "timestamp": 1646409858
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes I think <del>the latter</del> S-tracking-design-concerns reflects current feelings</p>",
        "id": 274150499,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646409860
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>thanks to everyone in <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"897\">@T-compiler/meeting</span> for attending! Have a great day everyone!</p>\n<p>(and get proposals in for <em>next week's</em> planning meeting. <span aria-label=\"laughing\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f606\" role=\"img\" title=\"laughing\">:laughing:</span> )</p>",
        "id": 274150640,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646409924
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>This was productive</p>",
        "id": 274150743,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646409972
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>But also, I have no clue how we get through 155 of these</p>",
        "id": 274150762,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646409984
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We should maybe consider adding 2-3 to each weekly meeting</p>",
        "id": 274150813,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646410017
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Gotta spend some time outside of meetings to work on that list...</p>",
        "id": 274150931,
        "sender_full_name": "oli",
        "timestamp": 1646410072
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I wonder if next time we could also have everyone grab 2-3 issues at the beginning of the meeting, take 5 minutes, read through them, come up with a short summary and post a recommendation? And then we spend the meeting going through that set?</p>",
        "id": 274150946,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1646410077
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It may go faster that way instead of us all reading the issues each time.</p>",
        "id": 274151055,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1646410114
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think often we can just let a single person make decisions</p>",
        "id": 274151068,
        "sender_full_name": "oli",
        "timestamp": 1646410123
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Probably some combination of these ideas is the best path</p>",
        "id": 274151115,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646410142
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>And maybe just summarize what they did</p>",
        "id": 274151126,
        "sender_full_name": "oli",
        "timestamp": 1646410147
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>If people are on board, I can get 2 of these onto the weekly meeting</p>",
        "id": 274151159,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646410167
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(C-tracking-issue, -S-tracking*)</p>",
        "id": 274151185,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646410184
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"232957\">Jack Huey</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bsteering.20meeting.5D.202022-03-04.20compiler-team.23484/near/274151159\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>If people are on board, I can get 2 of these onto the weekly meeting</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"250987\">@apiraino</span> can you update the template to support this ?</p>",
        "id": 274151313,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646410229
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>At least from the issues we went through today, there's probably a lot more that are either: not actually waiting on our team or are not actually tracking issues. Doing something more async would help us not waste too much time on those issues.</p>",
        "id": 274151328,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1646410237
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"232957\">Jack Huey</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bsteering.20meeting.5D.202022-03-04.20compiler-team.23484/near/274150762\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>But also, I have no clue how we get through 155 of these</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>hmm, took an hour to get through 10...</p>",
        "id": 274151393,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646410272
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bsteering.20meeting.5D.202022-03-04.20compiler-team.23484/near/274151313\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"232957\">Jack Huey</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bsteering.20meeting.5D.202022-03-04.20compiler-team.23484/near/274151159\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>If people are on board, I can get 2 of these onto the weekly meeting</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"250987\">apiraino</span> can you update the template to support this ?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I can make a triagebot PR. I need to update the query code so it filters out S-tracking*</p>",
        "id": 274151404,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646410276
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think encouraging async work is good, but I wouldn't rely on it alone</p>",
        "id": 274151458,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646410312
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so far, my experience has been that these meetings dedicated to backlog can act as really good \"forcing functions\"</p>",
        "id": 274151498,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1646410338
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, I wonder if it's helpful to write a summary comment without necessarily adding a <code>S-tracking</code>?</p>",
        "id": 274151513,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646410348
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Like, for me personally, about half of these I don't have the broader context to really know the right tracking status. But it's easy enough to summarize existing discussion.</p>",
        "id": 274151670,
        "sender_full_name": "Jack Huey",
        "timestamp": 1646410423
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think that would be really useful!</p>",
        "id": 274151907,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1646410517
    }
]