[
    {
        "content": "<p>Hi <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"897\">@T-compiler/meeting</span>; the triage meeting will happen tomorrow at <time datetime=\"2020-09-10T14:00:00Z\">2020-09-10T14:00:00+00:00</time></p>",
        "id": 209568967,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1599685728
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"2403\">@WG-prioritization</span> have done pre-triage in <a class=\"stream\" data-stream-id=\"245100\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/245100-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization.2Falerts\">#t-compiler/wg-prioritization/alerts</a></p>",
        "id": 209568981,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1599685737
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"2403\">@WG-prioritization</span> have prepared the <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/Vvi4ngVfQneJLDzw6pz5Fg?view\">meeting agenda</a></p>",
        "id": 209569011,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1599685751
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We will have checkins from <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"1095\">@T-compiler/WG-meta</span> and <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"1162\">@WG-mir-opt</span></p>",
        "id": 209569038,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1599685770
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I've notified team leads in advance but just in case things need to be updated or something ...</p>",
        "id": 209569070,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1599685796
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"124288\">@oli</span> do you have something else you want to add about <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"1162\">@WG-mir-opt</span>?</p>",
        "id": 209569158,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1599685828
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> is there something we can share about <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"1095\">@T-compiler/WG-meta</span> (unsure if it's really active the wg) ?</p>",
        "id": 209569200,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1599685862
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i don't think we have discussed anything</p>",
        "id": 209569233,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1599685886
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hi <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"897\">@T-compiler/meeting</span>, triage meeting will be starting in ~ 24 minutes, at <time datetime=\"2020-09-10T14:00:00Z\">2020-09-10T14:00:00+00:00</time></p>",
        "id": 209640260,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1599745004
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://hackmd.io/Vvi4ngVfQneJLDzw6pz5Fg?view\">Check out the meeting agenda</a></p>",
        "id": 209640304,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1599745020
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>wanted to note that the agenda is heavily packed</p>",
        "id": 209643367,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1599745785
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>2 beta nominations, 2 PRs waiting on team, 3 P-critical, 5 nominations + an extra thing to discuss in the nominations section</p>",
        "id": 209643383,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1599745794
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hi <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"897\">@T-compiler/meeting</span>! Add a <span aria-label=\"wave\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44b\" role=\"img\" title=\"wave\">:wave:</span> emoji to show you're here :)</p>",
        "id": 209645696,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599746503
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we will start off with 5 minutes for ...</p>\n<h2>Announcements</h2>",
        "id": 209645849,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599746518
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>Please fill out the <a href=\"https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSc-7SN8HCkJBwgQverz9NfBAo2Ik_dwk6DyJtsQjVjnWxK5Pw/viewform\">MCP retrospective survey</a>; we'll use the results to guide the upcoming design meeting <del>this</del> next Friday.</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 209646126,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599746540
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>Contributors may want to check out <a href=\"#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/improving.20bootstrap.20times.20for.20contributor.20fun.20and.20profit\">improving bootstrap times for contributor fun and profit Zulip discussion</a></li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 209646302,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599746553
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bweekly.20meeting.5D.202020-09-10.20.2354818/near/209646126\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<ul>\n<li>Please fill out the <a href=\"https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSc-7SN8HCkJBwgQverz9NfBAo2Ik_dwk6DyJtsQjVjnWxK5Pw/viewform\">MCP retrospective survey</a>; we'll use the results to guide the upcoming design meeting this Friday.</li>\n</ul>\n</blockquote>\n<p>oops! I meant <strong>next</strong> Friday, Sep 18</p>",
        "id": 209646391,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1599746562
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i.e., not tomorrow</p>",
        "id": 209646425,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1599746565
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>New MCPs (take a look, see if you like them!)<ul>\n<li>\"Accept RFC 2951 \"Linking modifiers for native libraries\"\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/356\">compiler-team#356</a></li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 209646930,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599746594
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>Old MCPs (not seconded, take a look)<ul>\n<li>\"Integration of the Cranelift backend with rustc\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/270\">compiler-team#270</a></li>\n<li>\"Decentralize queries\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/277\">compiler-team#277</a></li>\n<li>\"Infer hidden types without replacing with an inference variable\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/325\">compiler-team#325</a></li>\n<li>\"Uplift <code>temporary-cstring-as-ptr</code> lint from <code>clippy</code> into rustc\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/346\">compiler-team#346</a></li>\n<li>\"Uplift <code>drop-bounds</code> lint from clippy into rustc\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/347\">compiler-team#347</a></li>\n<li>\"Add StatementKind::Intrinsic to MIR\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/348\">compiler-team#348</a></li>\n<li>\"Require users to confirm they know RUSTC_BOOTSTRAP is unsupported before using it\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/350\">compiler-team#350</a></li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 209647057,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599746613
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>Pending FCP requests (check your boxes!)<ul>\n<li>\"Promote aarch64-pc-windows-msvc to Tier 2 Development Platform\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/75914\">rust#75914</a></li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 209647099,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599746629
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>Things in FCP (make sure you're good with it)<ul>\n<li>No FCP requests this time.</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 209647120,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599746641
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>Accepted MCPs<ul>\n<li>\"Don't build tools by default with <code>x.py build</code>\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/351\">compiler-team#351</a></li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 209647187,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599746653
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>Finalized FCPs (disposition merge)<ul>\n<li>[T-libs] \"Update stdarch\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/73166\">rust#73166</a></li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 209647219,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599746663
    },
    {
        "content": "<h3>WG checkins</h3>\n<p><span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"1162\">@WG-mir-opt</span> checkin by <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"124288\">@oli</span>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<ul>\n<li><code>x != false</code> -&gt; <code>x</code> optimization: (<a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/76067\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/76067</a>)</li>\n<li><code>x = y == CONST; switch(x)</code> -&gt; <code>switch(y)</code> optimization: (<a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/75370\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/75370</a>)</li>\n<li>various clean ups of mir printing making it less noisy: <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/75697\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/75697</a> <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/75670\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/75670</a> <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/75566\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/75566</a></li>\n<li>deaggregate <code>Rvalue::Aggregate</code> before running optimizations: <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/73656\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/73656</a></li>\n<li>mir validation checks that we don't reintroduce aggregates after deaggregation: <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/75562\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/75562</a></li>\n<li>optimize away <code>_x = true</code>, <code>_x = false</code> basic blocks if <code>_x</code> can be computed without branches <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/75382\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/75382</a></li>\n<li>OOM bugfix in const prop optimization: <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/74821\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/74821</a></li>\n<li>make simplify match arms opt more powerful: <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/74748\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/74748</a></li>\n<li>peephole optimize identity ops on BitAnd, BitOr and Mul: <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/74491\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/74491</a></li>\n</ul>\n</blockquote>",
        "id": 209647291,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599746692
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(i'll pause here since I didn't wait above to see if anyone had additional announcements to add)</p>",
        "id": 209647423,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599746747
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay next up</p>",
        "id": 209647865,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599746900
    },
    {
        "content": "<h2>Beta-nominations</h2>\n<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?q=is%3Aall+label%3Abeta-nominated+-label%3Abeta-accepted+label%3AT-compiler\">T-compiler</a></p>",
        "id": 209647884,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599746906
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>\"Account for version number in NtIdent hack\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/76331\">rust#76331</a><ul>\n<li>Opened by <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"125294\">@Aaron Hill</span> and approved by <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"123856\">@Vadim Petrochenkov</span></li>\n<li><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"125294\">@Aaron Hill</span> suggests a beta-backport, since this PR just fixes what PR <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/73084\">rust#73084</a> was supposed to do in the first place.</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 209647910,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599746918
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>weird to me that <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/73084\">#73084</a> doesn't seem to mention any of the issues that are mentioned in <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/76331\">#76331</a> ...</p>",
        "id": 209648066,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599746996
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ah but issue <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/74616\">#74616</a> does mention <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/73084\">#73084</a></p>",
        "id": 209648258,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599747063
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(and <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/76331\">#76331</a>, the PR under discussion, is to address issue <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/74616\">#74616</a> )</p>",
        "id": 209648313,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599747085
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>woah this seems like quite the hack :)</p>",
        "id": 209648330,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1599747092
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(sorry, I forgot to add the emojis to vote on the issue description at first; they are there now)</p>",
        "id": 209648630,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599747119
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess we need to backport this</p>",
        "id": 209650471,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599747270
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>since if we don't, it kind of defeats having any hack in place at all, right?</p>",
        "id": 209650503,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599747281
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>seems like it</p>",
        "id": 209650617,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1599747322
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay. backport approved...</p>",
        "id": 209650780,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599747373
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>/me is sitting here thinking about whether we need to dedicate time to issues marked C-future-compatibility. Not something we'd do every week, but it might be good to visit that collection of issues somewhere in each 6 week release cycle...</p>",
        "id": 209650956,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599747443
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I do think we need to</p>",
        "id": 209651127,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1599747468
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I originally hoped that monitoring those issues would be something the prioritization group could manage</p>",
        "id": 209651348,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1599747482
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but that is perhaps a discussion for a steering meeting</p>",
        "id": 209651397,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599747483
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(it maybe something we could delegate to the prioritization group)</p>",
        "id": 209651550,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599747495
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I do think a steering meeting to discuss <em>how</em> to do so would be good</p>",
        "id": 209651554,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1599747495
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>\"Fix HashMap visualizers in Visual Studio (Code)\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/76389\">rust#76389</a><ul>\n<li>Opened by <a href=\"https://github.com/MaulingMonkey\">MaulingMonkey</a> and approved by <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"123856\">@Vadim Petrochenkov</span></li>\n<li><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"123856\">@Vadim Petrochenkov</span> suggests beta-backport to fix an issue introduced in <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/70052\">rust#70052</a> (update hashbrown crate to 0.8.1)</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 209651660,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599747503
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it seems like we should have a schedule</p>",
        "id": 209651672,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1599747504
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span aria-label=\"+1\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44d\" role=\"img\" title=\"+1\">:+1:</span> to both of you :)</p>",
        "id": 209651740,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1599747515
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh interesting</p>",
        "id": 209651934,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599747597
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but the actual outcome</p>",
        "id": 209652140,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599747691
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>is that tools are looking at that output, not humans</p>",
        "id": 209652156,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599747699
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and so its a lot more impactful for us to fix this</p>",
        "id": 209652178,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599747710
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>as described in <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/76352\">#76352</a>, at least if I understand correctly</p>",
        "id": 209652248,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599747729
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah backport approved</p>",
        "id": 209652367,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599747779
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?q=is%3Aall+label%3Abeta-nominated+-label%3Abeta-accepted+label%3Alibs-impl\">libs-impl</a></p>\n<ul>\n<li>No beta nominations for <code>libs-impl</code> this time.</li>\n</ul>\n<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?q=is%3Aall+label%3Abeta-nominated+-label%3Abeta-accepted+label%3AT-rustdoc\">T-rustdoc</a></p>\n<ul>\n<li>No beta nominations for <code>T-rustdoc</code> this time.</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 209652390,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599747790
    },
    {
        "content": "<h2>Stable-nominations</h2>\n<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?q=is%3Aall+label%3Astable-nominated+-label%3Astable-accepted+label%3AT-compiler\">T-compiler</a></p>\n<ul>\n<li>No stable nominations for <code>T-compiler</code> this time.</li>\n</ul>\n<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?q=is%3Aall+label%3Astable-nominated+-label%3Astable-accepted+label%3Alibs-impl\">libs-impl</a></p>\n<ul>\n<li>No stable nominations for <code>libs-impl</code> this time.</li>\n</ul>\n<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?q=is%3Aall+label%3Astable-nominated+-label%3Astable-accepted+label%3AT-rustdoc\">T-rustdoc</a></p>\n<ul>\n<li>No stable nominations for <code>T-rustdoc</code> this time.</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 209652405,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599747799
    },
    {
        "content": "<h2>PRs S-waiting-on-team</h2>\n<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aopen+label%3AS-waiting-on-team+label%3AT-compiler\">T-compiler</a></p>",
        "id": 209652421,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599747805
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>\"Don't run tidy exec check on WSL2\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/74753\">rust#74753</a><ul>\n<li><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> approved the changes</li>\n<li><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"119581\">@mati865</span> is not convinced this is the right solution</li>\n<li>Windows WG was just pinged</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 209652440,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599747815
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>from <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"119581\">@mati865</span> : \"IMO the proper solution here would be to check if filesystem supports proper permissions and otherwise skip the check but I doubt that's easy to do.\"</p>",
        "id": 209652598,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599747866
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>hmm</p>",
        "id": 209652686,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1599747899
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I forgot about this</p>",
        "id": 209652690,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1599747901
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>seems like nobody had any advice :)</p>",
        "id": 209652708,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1599747905
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>personally I think we can land it</p>",
        "id": 209652732,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1599747917
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>then it is kind of hard to argue against adding the quick fix...</p>",
        "id": 209652756,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599747949
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't fully understand what this check is about, admittedly</p>",
        "id": 209652836,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1599747987
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we know it works on CI and no one should really do this</p>",
        "id": 209652860,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1599748030
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so I'm fine with delaying checks until CI</p>",
        "id": 209652890,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1599748040
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>wait</p>",
        "id": 209652929,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1599748077
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>this is just about the src/tools/tidy ?</p>",
        "id": 209652938,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1599748083
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I see, so we have some tidy check that checks for files not being executable</p>",
        "id": 209652978,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1599748092
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and somehow it is giving false errors on windows</p>",
        "id": 209652990,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1599748100
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>right</p>",
        "id": 209653012,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599748107
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>windows doesn't track it as a property of the file I think? Or something like that</p>",
        "id": 209653065,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1599748140
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(or at least not on all file systems?)</p>",
        "id": 209653078,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1599748145
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and someone previously added stuff to detect that scenario (by looking for \"Microsoft\" in /proc/version, but that doesn't cover WSL2</p>",
        "id": 209653083,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599748147
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and I think <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"119581\">@mati865</span> 's argument is that you shouldn't be using WSL2 to build Rust atop a mounted windows filesystem</p>",
        "id": 209653138,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599748184
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i.e. that this code is papering around something that is an anti-pattern in their view</p>",
        "id": 209653206,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599748208
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I see.</p>",
        "id": 209653245,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1599748220
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but nonetheless, I still think this won't affect our CI at all. And so the only question is whether we want to be \"accommodating\" to this use case (which, admittedly, might have <em>other problems</em> that we don't know about here)</p>",
        "id": 209653300,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599748248
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(AIUI mounted Windows filesystems inside WSL2 are <em>extremely</em> slow)</p>",
        "id": 209653337,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1599748263
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or if we should follow <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"119581\">@mati865</span> 's advice and try to discourage such usage.</p>",
        "id": 209653349,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599748267
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah. It doesn't seem worth thinking about for very long.</p>",
        "id": 209653352,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1599748270
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't really care if people want to build Rust a slow way, that's their problem, so I'd be semi-inclined to land it.</p>",
        "id": 209653395,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1599748292
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but if we were to follow <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"119581\">@mati865</span> 's advice, does that generalize to \"we should remove the /proc/version inspection for [Mm]icrosoft entirely ?</p>",
        "id": 209653414,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599748301
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>But I'm ultimately fairly indifferent.</p>",
        "id": 209653415,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1599748301
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes I think I agree with that</p>",
        "id": 209653463,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599748311
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Right, I was going to say: if the check wasn't already present, I'd prob feel differently. But I guess we need that check for regular windows tidy?</p>",
        "id": 209653489,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1599748321
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>e.g. we still have that <code>debug = false</code> option in config.toml</p>",
        "id": 209653546,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599748329
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>even though we know that in practice almost no one is going to be able to use it</p>",
        "id": 209653571,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599748341
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think we should move on. I can follow up on this with a PR that disables this check locally.</p>",
        "id": 209653589,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1599748347
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay. We can add a comment with a link to this conversatino</p>",
        "id": 209653614,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599748361
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>on zulip-archive.rlo</p>",
        "id": 209653637,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599748370
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Sounds like we should close in favor of <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116122\">@simulacrum</span> doing something</p>",
        "id": 209653638,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1599748370
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I can follow-up on that thread</p>",
        "id": 209653670,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1599748383
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay. I don't mind if we land. I don't mind if we close.</p>",
        "id": 209653707,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599748393
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>\"build aarch64-musl host compiler in CI\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/75751\">rust#75751</a><ul>\n<li>Assigned to <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"121055\">@Pietro Albini</span></li>\n<li><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"121055\">@Pietro Albini</span> suggests <code>T-compiler</code> to review since this PR bumps AArch64 MUSL from <strong>Cross-compilation Tier 2</strong> to <strong>Development Platform Tier 2</strong></li>\n<li>This issue is <code>I-nominated</code> for <code>T-compiler</code> discussion</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 209653748,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599748406
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>/me has forgotten the distinctions between cross-platform vs development in tier 2. Probably just about whether we are promising to keep <code>rustc</code> buildable going forward on that target?</p>",
        "id": 209653895,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599748459
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>/me goes to look in forge for an answer</p>",
        "id": 209653909,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599748466
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://doc.rust-lang.org/nightly/rustc/platform-support.html#platform-support\">https://doc.rust-lang.org/nightly/rustc/platform-support.html#platform-support</a></p>",
        "id": 209653959,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599748489
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>hmm, does that page actually document the distinction? I guess its in the std and host check boxes in the tables?</p>",
        "id": 209654024,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599748520
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes I guess it is the sentence \"For some platforms only the standard library is compiled, but for others rustc and cargo are too.\"</p>",
        "id": 209654118,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599748555
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think it means that it would become a host</p>",
        "id": 209654130,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1599748557
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't see aarch64-musl anywhere on there <em>but</em></p>",
        "id": 209654464,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1599748583
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>in general I feel like aarch64 is a pretty widely used platform and we have some amount of support for problems that arise</p>",
        "id": 209654700,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1599748600
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>its at aarch64-unknown-linux-musl</p>",
        "id": 209654782,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599748604
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess we could review the considerations from the Tier RFC :)</p>",
        "id": 209654788,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1599748606
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>right?</p>",
        "id": 209654789,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599748606
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>duh, ok</p>",
        "id": 209654885,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1599748620
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh yeah \"cross compilation\" =&gt; just std, \"development platform\" =&gt; everything</p>",
        "id": 209654937,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1599748639
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah I think in general we're going to be needing more and more aarch64 support</p>",
        "id": 209654969,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599748652
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and even \"little steps\" like this are probably a good idea</p>",
        "id": 209654998,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599748663
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that's the naming I proposed during the RFC, and I kinda started using it already since people were so much confused when I said target vs host</p>",
        "id": 209655004,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1599748668
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It makes sense now</p>",
        "id": 209655125,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599748700
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>really we should have a checklist of considerations that folks can fill out</p>",
        "id": 209655149,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1599748709
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the way that the \"aarch64 tier 1\" RFC did...</p>",
        "id": 209655179,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1599748720
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but i'm skimming <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/blob/21347b0c3e5ced96fdcf63b1f601cc83f12160dd/text/0000-target-tier-policy.md#tier-2-target-policy\">the draft RFC</a></p>",
        "id": 209655206,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1599748752
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess the real question is whether we have \"target maintainers\" that will help out with problems</p>",
        "id": 209655250,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1599748769
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but in general I think that's probably <span aria-label=\"check\" class=\"emoji emoji-2705\" role=\"img\" title=\"check\">:check:</span> and if we find we are having problems we could reconsider</p>",
        "id": 209655411,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1599748820
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(and it's already tier 2 anyway...)</p>",
        "id": 209655443,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1599748832
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Which hardware is suitable for running aarch64-musl? Are we talking raspberry pi 4?</p>",
        "id": 209655480,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599748844
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>my understanding is, that's just a normal aarch64 linux without glibc</p>",
        "id": 209655582,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1599748872
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>let me phrase my question a different way</p>",
        "id": 209655733,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599748919
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if a volunteer came up and said \"I'm interested in helping, but I don't have an ARM system\"</p>",
        "id": 209655806,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599748931
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>would you tell them to go buy a Chromebook?</p>",
        "id": 209655821,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599748939
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(probably not)</p>",
        "id": 209655830,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599748943
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>isn't this a problem already? :)</p>",
        "id": 209655941,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1599749000
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway this is just me musing in response to niko's question about whether we have \"target maintainers\"</p>",
        "id": 209655945,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599749000
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>all I meant was \"is there a group we can ping\", but I would love to do a better and better job in that respect</p>",
        "id": 209655998,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1599749021
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(i.e., instructions like \"here is how you can test this on your system\")</p>",
        "id": 209656037,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1599749032
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I see. I would think the existing arm notification group is probably what I would ping if there were problems here</p>",
        "id": 209656138,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599749050
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>exactly</p>",
        "id": 209656159,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1599749059
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so anyway</p>",
        "id": 209656238,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599749094
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it seems like there's no stringent objection here to landing this</p>",
        "id": 209656275,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599749107
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>for tier2</p>",
        "id": 209656430,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599749156
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>CI still checks that it <em>builds</em> on each PR merge, right?</p>",
        "id": 209656504,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599749170
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and if so, has T-infra already checked that we have appropriate resources to add a tools build for this target?</p>",
        "id": 209656599,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599749211
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm going to assume that they either have or will discuss this</p>",
        "id": 209656649,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599749237
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so we can move on</p>",
        "id": 209656662,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599749240
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aopen+label%3AS-waiting-on-team+label%3Alibs-impl\">libs-impl</a></p>\n<ul>\n<li>No PRs waiting on <code>libs-impl</code> this time.</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 209656704,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599749257
    },
    {
        "content": "<h2>Issues of Note</h2>\n<h3>Short Summary</h3>\n<ul>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aopen+label%3AT-compiler+label%3AP-critical+\">3 T-compiler P-critical issues</a><ul>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aopen+label%3AT-compiler+label%3AP-critical+no%3Aassignee\">2 of those are unassigned</a></li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aopen+label%3AT-compiler+label%3AP-high+\">52 T-compiler P-high issues</a><ul>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aopen+label%3AT-compiler+label%3AP-high+no%3Aassignee\">31 of those are unassigned</a></li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/labels/regression-from-stable-to-beta\">2 P-critical, 2 P-high, 4 P-medium, 0 P-low regression-from-stable-to-beta</a></li>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/labels/regression-from-stable-to-nightly\">0 P-critical, 1 P-high, 5 P-medium, 1 P-low regression-from-stable-to-nightly</a></li>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/labels/regression-from-stable-to-stable\">0 P-critical, 20 P-high, 57 P-medium, 6 P-low regression-from-stable-to-stable</a></li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 209656732,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599749265
    },
    {
        "content": "<h3>P-critical</h3>\n<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aopen+label%3AP-critical+label%3AT-compiler\">T-compiler</a></p>",
        "id": 209656773,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599749279
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>\"incorrect code generation for i686 release build for 1.47 beta and nightly\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/76042\">rust#76042</a><ul>\n<li>Assigned to <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span></li>\n<li><code>I-unsound</code> issue and beta regression</li>\n<li>It seems to be <a href=\"https://bugs.llvm.org/show_bug.cgi?id=47278\">a bug in LLVM</a>, introduced in the LLVM 11 upgrade and triggered by compiler flag <code>-Copt-level=0</code></li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 209656831,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599749290
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>from looking at the LLVM bug report, it seems like they are still actively investigating it</p>",
        "id": 209656994,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599749363
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess we can wait until we hear more from LLVM</p>",
        "id": 209657072,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1599749392
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>How close to the beta cutoff will we be willing to wait?</p>",
        "id": 209657266,
        "sender_full_name": "Esteban KÃ¼ber",
        "timestamp": 1599749442
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes that is an important question</p>",
        "id": 209657315,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599749461
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>since this ties into whether we can continue to move forward with LLVM upgrade in place...</p>",
        "id": 209657367,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599749483
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>next release happens on Oct 8th</p>",
        "id": 209657391,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1599749491
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm debating about whether I can let this wait on my plate until later in September</p>",
        "id": 209657605,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599749561
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or if I should try to hand off to someone else</p>",
        "id": 209657618,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599749567
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Do we feel the need to do another crater run if we back out the LLVM upgrade? If we want to do that, we'll additional time before the release date.</p>",
        "id": 209657665,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1599749588
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>what would we do about it?</p>",
        "id": 209657669,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1599749590
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but really, it seems like the options are either 1. invest time in an LLVM fix, or 2. evaluate a revert of the LLVM 11 upgrade</p>",
        "id": 209657679,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599749592
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(and that evaluation in (2.) would involve determining which bugs would be (re)injected by such a revert)</p>",
        "id": 209657758,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599749620
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't see us doing an LLVM fix (although that's the best option)</p>",
        "id": 209657761,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1599749621
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if <code>rr</code> worked on my desktop machine then I'd be more inclined to jump into LLVM</p>",
        "id": 209657868,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599749650
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I do not think that we need to do another crater run after an llvm revert or patch</p>",
        "id": 209657920,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1599749665
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(but <code>rr</code> does not currently work on AMD Ryzen, unfortunately)</p>",
        "id": 209657969,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599749684
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think we can let this wait another week</p>",
        "id": 209658139,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599749738
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>its certainly <em>possible</em> the LLVM folks may fix it in the next week</p>",
        "id": 209658162,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599749746
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>given that there is active investigation happening on that linked LLVM bug</p>",
        "id": 209658199,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599749760
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>\"Optimisation-caused UB during cross-crate compilation\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/76387\">rust#76387</a><ul>\n<li>Unassigned</li>\n<li>Also nominated for discussion</li>\n<li>Is not a regression, this never worked so it was also discussed if this was <code>P-critical</code> or <code>P-high</code></li>\n<li><a href=\"https://bugs.llvm.org/show_bug.cgi?id=47444\">It's an LLVM bug</a></li>\n<li><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"125294\">@Aaron Hill</span> is working on an LLVM patch</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 209658278,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599749780
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm currently running the LLVM testsuite locally</p>",
        "id": 209658350,
        "sender_full_name": "Aaron Hill",
        "timestamp": 1599749808
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>my patch fixes the provided minimization</p>",
        "id": 209658361,
        "sender_full_name": "Aaron Hill",
        "timestamp": 1599749814
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay. And now <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"125294\">@Aaron Hill</span> has self-assigned the issue</p>",
        "id": 209658515,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599749873
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so I think we can trust that progress is happening there</p>",
        "id": 209658534,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599749881
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>\"regression: get_unchecked resolves to unstable feature use\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/76479\">rust#76479</a><ul>\n<li>Unassigned</li>\n<li>Opened by <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116122\">@simulacrum</span> after hitting the issue on a crater run</li>\n<li><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116122\">@simulacrum</span> suggested that is expected breakage (before the MCVE was built)</li>\n<li>Beta regression that started in PR <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/73565\">rust#73565</a> cc <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116118\">@Matthew Jasper</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"123586\">@nagisa</span></li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 209658621,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599749897
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It still sounds more or less expected, but is certainly unfortunate -- I think the latest is \"just inference changes\". IIRC someone was looking into it more, I forget who</p>",
        "id": 209658701,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1599749939
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>hmm</p>",
        "id": 209658785,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599749974
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh, I was thinking of <a href=\"#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/array_map.20causing.20errors.20in.20ecosystem\">https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/array_map.20causing.20errors.20in.20ecosystem</a></p>",
        "id": 209658786,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1599749975
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Well, the unstable get_unchecked could be renamed?</p>",
        "id": 209658791,
        "sender_full_name": "Matthew Jasper",
        "timestamp": 1599749976
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>never mind</p>",
        "id": 209658802,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1599749983
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>This is basically a bug fix?</p>",
        "id": 209658920,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1599750014
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but yes it seems like it would be good to rename this -- especially since we never plan to stabilize it?</p>",
        "id": 209658929,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1599750018
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that is, there was something unstable but it wasn't detected before?</p>",
        "id": 209658932,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1599750021
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>this surprises me. I guess I've never thought carefully about method resolution in these cases</p>",
        "id": 209658936,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599750023
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It's a new method on <code>Iterator</code> (I think?)</p>",
        "id": 209659027,
        "sender_full_name": "Matthew Jasper",
        "timestamp": 1599750060
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I'm speaking specifically of the <a href=\"https://play.rust-lang.org/?version=nightly&amp;mode=debug&amp;edition=2018&amp;gist=d334cb2f4f0a985ddf674012a928abd3\">MCVE</a>)</p>",
        "id": 209659040,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599750064
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>lets definitely rename <code>fn get_unchecked</code> then</p>",
        "id": 209659144,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599750107
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116118\">@Matthew Jasper</span> moved it off an extension trait for specialization -&gt; min_specialization I believe</p>",
        "id": 209659223,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1599750126
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh that may be even better</p>",
        "id": 209659278,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599750140
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but it makes sense to not use such a popular name for an internal detail</p>",
        "id": 209659281,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1599750141
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if it works</p>",
        "id": 209659283,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599750141
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>just renaming it should be sufficient, I think extension trait doesn't work because of specialization limitations</p>",
        "id": 209659372,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1599750173
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if it's an internal detail, we should do that, but it's definitely suspicious that it was needed and can't be hidden except through stability</p>",
        "id": 209659380,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1599750176
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116118\">@Matthew Jasper</span> was there a reason you had to put the method in <code>trait Iterator</code> rather than some other extension trait ?</p>",
        "id": 209659393,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599750181
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yes, it's required so that the where clauses on <code>Iterator</code> are available.</p>",
        "id": 209659494,
        "sender_full_name": "Matthew Jasper",
        "timestamp": 1599750213
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116122\">simulacrum</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bweekly.20meeting.5D.202020-09-10.20.2354818/near/209659372\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>just renaming it should be sufficient, I think extension trait doesn't work because of specialization limitations</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>okay that probably answers my question</p>",
        "id": 209659495,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599750213
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bweekly.20meeting.5D.202020-09-10.20.2354818/near/209659380\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>if it's an internal detail, we should do that, but it's definitely suspicious that it was needed and can't be hidden except through stability</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>\"suspicious\" as in \"this is an argument for <code>pub(crate)</code> trait-items ? Or \"suspicious\" as in \"this may be a method resolution bug\" ?</p>",
        "id": 209659705,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599750286
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the former</p>",
        "id": 209659718,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1599750293
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>gotcha</p>",
        "id": 209659728,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599750299
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or maybe more work on specialization :)</p>",
        "id": 209659750,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1599750306
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>something</p>",
        "id": 209659755,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1599750308
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay, so: Lets rename the method to something obscure as a short-term fix</p>",
        "id": 209659769,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599750314
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and maybe try to bring this up with lang team?</p>",
        "id": 209659814,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599750330
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(independently)</p>",
        "id": 209659827,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599750337
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>not sure if we can prioritize language changes to address this, but I think other members of lang team will at least find the scenario interesting.</p>",
        "id": 209659943,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599750368
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aopen+label%3AP-critical+label%3Alibs-impl\">libs-impl</a></p>\n<ul>\n<li>No <code>P-critical</code> issues for <code>libs-impl</code> this time.</li>\n</ul>\n<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aopen+label%3AP-critical+label%3AT-rustdoc\">T-rustdoc</a></p>\n<ul>\n<li>No <code>P-critical</code> issues for <code>T-rustdoc</code> this time.</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 209659986,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599750388
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh no we are already past the hour. <span aria-label=\"sad\" class=\"emoji emoji-2639\" role=\"img\" title=\"sad\">:sad:</span></p>",
        "id": 209660017,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599750399
    },
    {
        "content": "<h3>Unassigned P-high regressions</h3>\n<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aopen+label%3Aregression-from-stable-to-beta+P-high+no%3Aassignee\">Beta regressions</a></p>\n<ul>\n<li>No unassigned <code>P-high</code> beta regressions this time.</li>\n</ul>\n<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aopen+label%3Aregression-from-stable-to-nightly+P-high+no%3Aassignee\">Nightly regressions</a></p>\n<ul>\n<li>No unassigned <code>P-high</code> nightly regressions this time.</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 209660047,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599750410
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm sorry all, I let the earlier items get out of control w.r.t. timing</p>",
        "id": 209660094,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599750439
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(even after multiple people said we needed to move along)</p>",
        "id": 209660130,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599750452
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>meetings == hard</p>",
        "id": 209660263,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1599750504
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>skimming over remaining items (perf analysis and nominations), I don't think anything is <em>too</em> pressing</p>",
        "id": 209660272,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599750505
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The next steering meeting isn't tomororw, its <em>next week</em>, right?</p>",
        "id": 209660344,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599750542
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>this meeting was going to fail because the agenda was extremely packed anyway, so do not worry :)</p>",
        "id": 209660408,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1599750562
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we may want to discuss if in cases like this we (prioritization wg) need to leave stuff out the agenda preemptively or well add everything and we just cover what we can</p>",
        "id": 209660492,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1599750596
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Okay heres my suggestion</p>",
        "id": 209660493,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599750596
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>tomorrow at the normal steering meeting timeslot</p>",
        "id": 209660554,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599750605
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'll plan to have ... call it \"open discussion time\"</p>",
        "id": 209660574,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599750613
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>since no official meeting was scheduled, we won't call it an official meeting (i.e. we shoudn't make backport decisions or whatnot during it)</p>",
        "id": 209660609,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599750632
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but it may be a chance to at least synchronously discuss items here that <em>don't</em> require consensus</p>",
        "id": 209660667,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599750657
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Sounds like a good idea to me! <span aria-label=\"thumbs up\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44d\" role=\"img\" title=\"thumbs up\">:thumbs_up:</span></p>",
        "id": 209660725,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1599750679
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(for people who already have the time slot reserved in their schedule, and would like to come)</p>",
        "id": 209660736,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599750681
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh btw I'll be AFK until Monday starting in an hour or two jfyi... omg that's a lot of acronyms imo let me add a few more.</p>",
        "id": 209660748,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1599750685
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ha ha</p>",
        "id": 209660765,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599750691
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>AFK until Monday is quite a trip down the hallway</p>",
        "id": 209660797,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599750705
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but yeah, okay, we'll in particular note that <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> won't be in attendance tomorrow)</p>",
        "id": 209660952,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599750744
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>next week's checkins will be <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"1184\">@WG-polonius</span> and WG-polymorphization</p>",
        "id": 209661708,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1599750980
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116113\">@lqd</span>, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116107\">@davidtwco</span> giving heads up in case you have something to share</p>",
        "id": 209661836,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1599751005
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>feel free to add checkins to next week's agenda <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/KZa0E7ltRASGRFZrx67szw?both\">https://hackmd.io/KZa0E7ltRASGRFZrx67szw?both</a></p>",
        "id": 209661916,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1599751019
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bweekly.20meeting.5D.202020-09-10.20.2354818/near/209661836\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116113\">lqd</span>, <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116107\">davidtwco</span> giving heads up in case you have something to share</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I wrote a update at the weekend, it's probably still going to be accurate for next week - <a class=\"stream-topic\" data-stream-id=\"216091\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/216091-t-compiler.2Fwg-polymorphization/topic/current.20status.2006.2F09\">#t-compiler/wg-polymorphization &gt; current status 06/09</a></p>",
        "id": 209662114,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1599751093
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bweekly.20meeting.5D.202020-09-10.20.2354818/near/209660574\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I'll plan to have ... call it \"open discussion time\"</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>(this will take place in <a class=\"stream-topic\" data-stream-id=\"238009\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bweekly.20meeting.20followup.5D.202020-09-11.20.2354818\">#t-compiler/meetings &gt; [weekly meeting followup] 2020-09-11 #54818</a> )</p>",
        "id": 209784936,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1599833304
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116266\">@Santiago Pastorino</span> I don't think I have the right to edit the agenda hackmd, so here's the wg-polonius check-in <a href=\"https://gist.github.com/lqd/af2e631b22eb778a986bd7ce9e237228\">https://gist.github.com/lqd/af2e631b22eb778a986bd7ce9e237228</a> (I'll make sure to update the gist if Niko has time to review it before the meeting)</p>",
        "id": 210270028,
        "sender_full_name": "lqd",
        "timestamp": 1600266712
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>@lqd give me your HackMD username so I can add you to the HackMD Rust org</p>",
        "id": 210272139,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1600267469
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and then you would be able to edit the agenda</p>",
        "id": 210272176,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1600267484
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>by <code>lqd</code> I find two users</p>",
        "id": 210272267,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1600267532
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah let me pm you that</p>",
        "id": 210277877,
        "sender_full_name": "lqd",
        "timestamp": 1600269724
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>alright I did add the check-in text to the hackmd, I also took the opportunity to paste <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116107\">@davidtwco</span>'s linked update</p>",
        "id": 210288149,
        "sender_full_name": "lqd",
        "timestamp": 1600274306
    }
]