[
    {
        "content": "<p>Hi <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"897\">@T-compiler/meeting</span>; the triage meeting will be starting in ~ 18 hours</p>",
        "id": 201193492,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1592424408
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"2403\">@WG-prioritization</span> have done pre-triage in <a class=\"stream\" data-stream-id=\"227806\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization\">#t-compiler/wg-prioritization</a></p>",
        "id": 201193512,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1592424417
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"2403\">@WG-prioritization</span> have prepared the <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/xR-E7Zr2ROyrzrNa4rBwqg?view\">meeting agenda</a></p>",
        "id": 201193548,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1592424436
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We will have checkins from <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"2403\">@WG-prioritization</span> and <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"1175\">@WG-rfc-2229</span></p>",
        "id": 201193594,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1592424470
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I've already filled the checkin of <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"2403\">@WG-prioritization</span> in the agenda</p>",
        "id": 201193661,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1592424487
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> do you have something you want to share about <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"1175\">@WG-rfc-2229</span>?</p>",
        "id": 201193723,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1592424516
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hi <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"897\">@T-compiler/meeting</span>, triage meeting will be starting in 15 minutes</p>",
        "id": 201269374,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1592487901
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://hackmd.io/xR-E7Zr2ROyrzrNa4rBwqg?view\">Check out the meeting agenda</a></p>",
        "id": 201269408,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1592487914
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hi <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"897\">@T-compiler/meeting</span>! Add a <span aria-label=\"wave\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44b\" role=\"img\" title=\"wave\">:wave:</span> emoji to show you're here :)</p>",
        "id": 201271605,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592488904
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we will start off with 5 minutes for ...</p>\n<h2>Announcements</h2>",
        "id": 201271748,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592488964
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bweekly.20meeting.5D.202020-06-18.20.2354818/near/201193723\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>do you have something you want to share about <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"1175\">@WG-rfc-2229</span>?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I'll write down some notes!</p>",
        "id": 201271754,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1592488969
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>Major Changes Proposals:<ul>\n<li>New accepted proposals<ul>\n<li>\"Preserve <code>PlaceContext</code> through projections\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/300\">#300</a></li>\n<li>\"Make lang-items private\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/301\">#301</a></li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>Seconded proposals (in FCP)<ul>\n<li>\"illumos toolchain builds\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/279\">#279</a></li>\n<li>\"Make <code>CONTRIBUTING.md</code> into a series of tutorials\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/296\">#296</a></li>\n<li>\"Support const parameters in type dependent paths\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/304\">#304</a></li>\n<li>\"<code>#[deny(unsafe_op_in_unsafe_fn)]</code> in liballoc\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/306\">#306</a></li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>New proposals (not seconded)<ul>\n<li>\"Move Rust provided objects, libraries and binaries meant for self-contained linkage to separate directory\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/310\">#310</a></li>\n<li>\"RISC-V Linux Tier 2 Host support\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/312\">#312</a></li>\n<li>\"Switch from libbacktrace to gimli\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/313\">#313</a></li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>Old proposals (not seconded)<ul>\n<li>\"Integration of the Cranelift backend with rustc\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/270\">#270</a></li>\n<li>\"Decentralize queries\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/277\">#277</a></li>\n<li>\"--extern-location to specify where an --extern dependency is defined\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/303\">#303</a></li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 201271817,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592488997
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So, on the topic of Illumos (<a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/279\">compiler-team#279</a>)</p>",
        "id": 201271984,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1592489054
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>for RISC-V I did a full FCP</p>",
        "id": 201272004,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1592489065
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>because it implies an ongoing commitment that is at least somewhat hard to disentangle</p>",
        "id": 201272029,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1592489078
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>perhaps we ought to do the same for illumos, not sure</p>",
        "id": 201272050,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1592489088
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>/me just noticed for the first time how similar the initialisms FCP and MCP are</p>",
        "id": 201272068,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592489100
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>side note to <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/312#issuecomment-645467720\">check your boxes</a> regarding RISC-V Tier 2 support</p>",
        "id": 201272114,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1592489125
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>This issue, of whether toolchain builds should require an FCP, is worth discussing</p>",
        "id": 201272181,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592489154
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>perhaps until we have resolved that question, it would be better to be conservative and do an FCP on <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/279\">compiler-team#279</a> ?</p>",
        "id": 201272274,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592489182
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it was discussed some in <a class=\"stream-topic\" data-stream-id=\"131828\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/approving.20new.20targets\">#t-compiler &gt; approving new targets</a></p>",
        "id": 201272291,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1592489190
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and yes I decided to just do an FCP for now, I tend to think it's a reasonable thing for tier 2 and above</p>",
        "id": 201272322,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1592489206
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or at least for rustup distribution</p>",
        "id": 201272334,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1592489214
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I could be convinced otherwise</p>",
        "id": 201272356,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1592489227
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>actually I guess the phrase \"doing an FCP\" is slightly ambiguous, since MCP's themselves go through an FCP after being seconded...; but you did include the adjective \"full FCP\" up above.</p>",
        "id": 201272407,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592489251
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>heh yes</p>",
        "id": 201272459,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1592489276
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway I meant \"full checkoff\"</p>",
        "id": 201272472,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1592489281
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and that is probably a better term</p>",
        "id": 201272538,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1592489295
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>in my view the two processes are \"analogous\" but in one case you need one check, and in the other, you need all (minus 3 or whatever our current threshold is)</p>",
        "id": 201272572,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1592489310
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway it looks like the process for such promotion, based on <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/312\">compiler-team#312</a> (the RISC-V support) is just to do <code>@rfcbot fcp merge</code> on the MCP itself.</p>",
        "id": 201272609,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592489323
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway we can let further discussion take place on <a class=\"stream-topic\" data-stream-id=\"131828\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/approving.20new.20targets\">#t-compiler &gt; approving new targets</a></p>",
        "id": 201272711,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592489367
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>other announcements</p>",
        "id": 201272731,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592489379
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>Unilateral beta backport approvals<br>\n    - \"Make novel structural match violations not a <code>bug</code>\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/73446\">#73446</a><br>\n    - \"Don't create impl candidates when obligation contains errors\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/73005\">#73005</a></li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 201272745,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592489385
    },
    {
        "content": "<h3>WG checkins</h3>",
        "id": 201272770,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592489398
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"2403\">@WG-prioritization</span> checkin by @<strong>spastorino</strong>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<ul>\n<li>We are now executing our process fully async and have bi-weekly planning/steering meetings to think about things to improve.</li>\n<li>We've prioritized all <code>I-unsound 💥</code> issues for <code>T-compiler</code> and <code>libs-impl</code>.</li>\n<li>From now on, new issues tagged with <code>I-unsound 💥</code> will automatically add <code>I-prioritize</code> and then request prioritization to the wg.</li>\n<li>There are not unprioritized regressions anymore <span aria-label=\"tada\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f389\" role=\"img\" title=\"tada\">:tada:</span></li>\n<li>We've prioritized all <code>regression-from-stable-to-stable</code> issues for <code>T-compiler</code> and <code>libs-impl</code>.</li>\n<li>From now on new issues tagged with <code>regression-from-stable-to-stable</code> will automatically add <code>I-prioritize</code> and then request prioritization to the wg.</li>\n<li>Same happens for <code>regression-from-stable-to-beta</code> and <code>regression-from-stable-to-nightly</code>.</li>\n<li>We are in the process of automating most of our procedure.</li>\n</ul>\n</blockquote>",
        "id": 201272821,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592489404
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(this shift to fully async is pretty cool)</p>",
        "id": 201272854,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592489418
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that is awesome</p>",
        "id": 201272889,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1592489435
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we plan to have more triagebot commands to help us a bit more in this async process, some things happen kind of manually still but we're going there :)</p>",
        "id": 201272964,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1592489465
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't know how others feel about having these various zulip threads pop up under <a class=\"stream\" data-stream-id=\"227806\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization\">#t-compiler/wg-prioritization</a> , but I think its the sort of thing where if you don't care at all, then you mute the stream, and if you care and like it, then you're happy.</p>",
        "id": 201273002,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592489478
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So the only question is whether there's anyone who both 1. cares and 2. dislikes the current protocols (which are still under revision I think its fair to say)</p>",
        "id": 201273050,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592489503
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Random side note that feels relevant-ish: Zulip has added a new feature called \"Recent Topics\" (press <code>t</code> to access it)</p>",
        "id": 201273179,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1592489544
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if you have a stream muted, and you participate in a particular topic,</p>",
        "id": 201273199,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1592489553
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>this lets you keep up with it relatively easily</p>",
        "id": 201273214,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1592489558
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I think it could be made more obvious, but I think it's pretty relevant to that \"mute the stream\" workflow)</p>",
        "id": 201273262,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1592489584
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway if you're in that latter boat, do feel free to raise it with <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"2403\">@WG-prioritization</span> ; I think the wg is happy even with negative feedback because it shows that people care about the effort being put in.</p>",
        "id": 201273321,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592489610
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>from a wg-perspective,  members agreed that either they want the pings (are okay with it) or are indifferent with the mentions to the wg or not in the thread.</p>",
        "id": 201273327,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1592489612
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh and <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> posted a wg chekin, I'll paste it here</p>",
        "id": 201273424,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592489644
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"1175\">@WG-rfc-2229</span> checkin by <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<ul>\n<li>We've created a repository to track the issues and work, <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/project-rfc-2229\">rust-lang/project-rfc-2229</a></li>\n<li>Currently doing some core refactorings, improving the \"HIR place\" datastructure to /IU be sufficiently precise, and refactoring how closures represent captures to use that instead of individual variables</li>\n</ul>\n</blockquote>",
        "id": 201273433,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592489649
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I want to highlight the repository bit -- it's a bit of an experiment</p>",
        "id": 201273453,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1592489662
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but so far it's proven fairly useful to have the tracking issue on rust-lang/rust and move the detailed refactoring work over to a separate repo</p>",
        "id": 201273491,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1592489680
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>e.g. I have given the working group full write access, so people can edit comments and leave notes, and we have a project board, and it's also possible to \"watch\" the repo without being drowned out with general rust-lang/rust notifications</p>",
        "id": 201273546,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1592489707
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>tangentially related</p>",
        "id": 201273547,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592489709
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I did an AMA yesterday for PLDI regarding Rust</p>",
        "id": 201273569,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592489717
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and one of the questions at the end was \"how do you keep a volunteer effort like this organized\"</p>",
        "id": 201273590,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592489728
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>my answer was essentially \"we've been doing it in a manner that doesn't scale, and we're trying to fix that.\"</p>",
        "id": 201273643,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592489752
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so, yeah, <span aria-label=\"+1\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44d\" role=\"img\" title=\"+1\">:+1:</span> to structures like what <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> outlined above for <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"1175\">@WG-rfc-2229</span></p>",
        "id": 201273733,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592489781
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(if you want to see the AMA, its up on youtube)</p>",
        "id": 201273759,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592489795
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://youtu.be/jGgQmnPH0dQ?t=28439\">https://youtu.be/jGgQmnPH0dQ?t=28439</a></p>\n<div class=\"youtube-video message_inline_image\"><a data-id=\"jGgQmnPH0dQ\" href=\"https://youtu.be/jGgQmnPH0dQ?t=28439\"><img src=\"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/jGgQmnPH0dQ/default.jpg\"></a></div>",
        "id": 201273872,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592489857
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(it claims the slot is 20 minutes but I ended up talking for an hour <span aria-label=\"open mouth\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f62e\" role=\"img\" title=\"open mouth\">:open_mouth:</span> )</p>",
        "id": 201273906,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592489881
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay so moving on</p>",
        "id": 201273956,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592489892
    },
    {
        "content": "<h2>Beta-nominations</h2>\n<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?q=is%3Aall+label%3Abeta-nominated+-label%3Abeta-accepted+label%3AT-compiler\">T-compiler</a></p>",
        "id": 201273974,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592489904
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>\"Ensure stack when building MIR for matches\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/72941\">#72941</a><ul>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/72933\">Fixes stack overflow</a></li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 201273995,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592489915
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think the main reason I didn't unilaterally approve this is that I wasn't sure why we shouldn't just let it ride the trains</p>",
        "id": 201274077,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592489954
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>reading the comment thread now, I guess it was identified as a regression.</p>",
        "id": 201274248,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592490012
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh, I see</p>",
        "id": 201274252,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1592490014
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but yeah if there is an active regression, it seems harmless</p>",
        "id": 201274278,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1592490030
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>unsure if worth but this could even be backported to stable</p>",
        "id": 201274317,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1592490051
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it's stable to stable regression</p>",
        "id": 201274323,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1592490057
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>is it? 15 days ago the beta didn't have the problem?</p>",
        "id": 201274362,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592490075
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/72933#issuecomment-637984345\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/72933#issuecomment-637984345</a></p>",
        "id": 201274406,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592490089
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I was quickly checking the issue <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/72933\">#72933</a> it's tagged as stable to stable regression</p>",
        "id": 201274561,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1592490140
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm assuming that this is one of those regressions where there was unintended fallout from some other library change? Or at least, AFAICT, no one pinpointed the regression to a PR?</p>",
        "id": 201274573,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592490146
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bweekly.20meeting.5D.202020-06-18.20.2354818/near/201274561\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I was quickly checking the issue <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/72933\">#72933</a> it's tagged as stable to stable regression</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>but ... its not? Its tagged stable-to-beta ?</p>",
        "id": 201274643,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592490173
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>/me refreshes browser a few times</p>",
        "id": 201274671,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592490185
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm pretty sure the regression is due to changes to the compiler.</p>",
        "id": 201274685,
        "sender_full_name": "nagisa",
        "timestamp": 1592490199
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>sorry unsure what I was looking at, nevermind</p>",
        "id": 201274695,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1592490204
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway, it seems like no one objects to a backport</p>",
        "id": 201274716,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592490215
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so beta backport approved</p>",
        "id": 201274723,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592490219
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess is the pattern matching changes that implemented <code>|</code> patterns inside of other patterns.</p>",
        "id": 201274726,
        "sender_full_name": "nagisa",
        "timestamp": 1592490221
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>\"Fix link error with #[thread_local] introduced by <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/71192\"><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/71192\"><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/71192\">#71192</a></a></a>\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/73065\">#73065</a><ul>\n<li>Fixes an error introduced by \"<a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/71192\">Make TLS accesses explicit in MIR #71192 </a>\"</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 201274892,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592490295
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>can someone remind me what the <code>trace!</code> macro does? Is that provided by <code>log</code>, i.e. a variant of <code>info!</code> and <code>warn!</code> ?</p>",
        "id": 201275043,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592490368
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>even less than debug iirc</p>",
        "id": 201275103,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1592490403
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay</p>",
        "id": 201275117,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592490414
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway, beta approved</p>",
        "id": 201275122,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592490418
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>\"Reoder order in which MinGW libs are linked to fix recent breakage\" (sic) <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/73184\">#73184</a><ul>\n<li>\"Recent upstream mingw-w64 changes made libmsvcrt depend on libmingwex breaking compilation in some cases when using external MinGW.\"</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 201275224,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592490478
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><code>I don't expect it to fail with old MinGW but who knows shrug</code></p>",
        "id": 201275354,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1592490543
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>how can I infer that this doesn't inject a bug?</p>",
        "id": 201275360,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592490545
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah I was thinking the same</p>",
        "id": 201275372,
        "sender_full_name": "nagisa",
        "timestamp": 1592490551
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>what about the old mingw versions</p>",
        "id": 201275383,
        "sender_full_name": "nagisa",
        "timestamp": 1592490555
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>It built just fine on my PC with mingw-w64 6.3.0.</p>\n</blockquote>",
        "id": 201275398,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1592490562
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>is that an older mingw version?</p>",
        "id": 201275412,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1592490570
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>iirc we've found in the past that it is hard to support all mingw versions</p>",
        "id": 201275465,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1592490593
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh yeah, wasn't there a topic about that somewhere?</p>",
        "id": 201275537,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592490606
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>in terms of what our official policy was w.r.t. which MinGW versions are supported?</p>",
        "id": 201275594,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592490620
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Anyway I'm personally inclined to either 1. let this wait a week (to see if anyone finds a problem on nightly with it on older MinGW), or 2. just decline to backport outright</p>",
        "id": 201275661,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592490656
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes, we discussed it, I think <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"119581\">mati865</span> and <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"123856\">Vadim Petrochenkov</span> are two of the most knowledgeable folks in this area iirc</p>",
        "id": 201275768,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1592490707
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i'll interpret the silence as \"lets wait a week\"</p>",
        "id": 201275788,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592490716
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so I'm inclined to trust them</p>",
        "id": 201275793,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1592490717
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(but I don't have a strong opinion about backporting per se)</p>",
        "id": 201275865,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1592490734
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>\"Allow inference regions when relating consts\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/73225\">#73225</a><ul>\n<li>Fixes ICE \"<a href=\"http://generator_interior.rs\">generator_interior.rs</a> impossible case reached\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/73050\">#73050</a></li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 201275906,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592490751
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>hmm why didn't i unilaterally approve this</p>",
        "id": 201276174,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592490860
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>this one is it stable to stable :P</p>",
        "id": 201276177,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1592490861
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh that might be why. <span aria-label=\"slight smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f642\" role=\"img\" title=\"slight smile\">:slight_smile:</span></p>",
        "id": 201276197,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592490870
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I did dive into the history of that file</p>",
        "id": 201276226,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592490883
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>to try to figure out why <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"119009\">@eddyb</span> didn't \"just\" make this change when they wrote that fixme comment</p>",
        "id": 201276249,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592490896
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway it looks like everyone's cool with backporting.</p>",
        "id": 201276338,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592490941
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that doesn't look familiar, I'll check the blame</p>",
        "id": 201276435,
        "sender_full_name": "eddyb",
        "timestamp": 1592490981
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>thanks <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"119009\">@eddyb</span></p>",
        "id": 201276472,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592491001
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think there may have been changes to <code>eval</code> in the meantime</p>",
        "id": 201276475,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1592491004
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but i'm not sure :)</p>",
        "id": 201276520,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1592491028
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>\"Disable the <code>SimplifyArmIdentity</code> pass\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/73262\">#73262</a><ul>\n<li>This is the beta nomination for a <code>P-critical</code> issue.</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 201276525,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592491034
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(hmm, wondering again why I didn't unilaterally ... oh now I remember)</p>",
        "id": 201276576,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592491065
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it was my question about whether everyone understands that mir-opt-level &gt;= 2 is known to have unsound optimizations</p>",
        "id": 201276701,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592491114
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>inlining had bugs for a while that were kind of like that I guess</p>",
        "id": 201276737,
        "sender_full_name": "eddyb",
        "timestamp": 1592491136
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I personally think that is a mistake, in the sense that I would make a stronger opt-in for unsound stuff.)</p>",
        "id": 201276776,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592491162
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh right that was discussed at some point</p>",
        "id": 201276807,
        "sender_full_name": "eddyb",
        "timestamp": 1592491175
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I understand the precedent that has been set by other compilers; I just don't think we should follow it.)</p>",
        "id": 201276814,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592491178
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>have a different <code>-Z</code> flag for the known broken ones</p>",
        "id": 201276842,
        "sender_full_name": "eddyb",
        "timestamp": 1592491188
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway we don't need to get sidetracked by that here</p>",
        "id": 201276843,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592491188
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"119009\">eddyb</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bweekly.20meeting.5D.202020-06-18.20.2354818/near/201276842\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>have a different <code>-Z</code> flag for the known broken ones</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>yeah I'd be much happier with that approach</p>",
        "id": 201276866,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592491201
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>also I should've opened issues for this instead of just leaving drive-by comments on <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/66282#discussion_r376730824\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/66282#discussion_r376730824</a></p>",
        "id": 201276935,
        "sender_full_name": "eddyb",
        "timestamp": 1592491222
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or an unstable attribute to apply it more locally, even</p>",
        "id": 201276937,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592491223
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but anyway</p>",
        "id": 201276946,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592491227
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it's just almost impossible to leave a post-hoc review of a PR :/</p>",
        "id": 201276960,
        "sender_full_name": "eddyb",
        "timestamp": 1592491233
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>All of this is sort of moot; I'm fine with approving the backport itself</p>",
        "id": 201276981,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592491243
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the broader policy can be dealt with later</p>",
        "id": 201276991,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592491249
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>beta backport approved</p>",
        "id": 201277059,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592491289
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>\"linker: Never pass <code>-no-pie</code> to non-gnu linkers\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/73384\">#73384</a><ul>\n<li>Fixes \"linking error: unknown agrument <code>-no-pie</code>\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/73370\">#73370</a></li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 201277081,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592491308
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>\"who uses non-gnu linkers, anyway\"</p>",
        "id": 201277199,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592491361
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>beta backport approved</p>",
        "id": 201277233,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592491388
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I didn't unilaterally approve this because I didn't get around to looking at it)</p>",
        "id": 201277264,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592491410
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?q=is%3Aall+label%3Abeta-nominated+-label%3Abeta-accepted+label%3Alibs-impl\">libs-impl</a><br>\nThere are no issues this time.</p>\n<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?q=is%3Aall+label%3Abeta-nominated+-label%3Abeta-accepted+label%3AT-rustdoc\">T-rustdoc</a><br>\nThere are no issues this time.</p>",
        "id": 201277309,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592491437
    },
    {
        "content": "<h2>Stable-nominations</h2>\n<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?q=is%3Aall+label%3Astable-nominated+-label%3Astable-accepted+label%3AT-compiler\">T-compiler</a><br>\nThere are no issues this time.</p>\n<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?q=is%3Aall+label%3Astable-nominated+-label%3Astable-accepted+label%3Alibs-impl\">libs-impl</a><br>\nThere are no issues this time.</p>\n<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?q=is%3Aall+label%3Astable-nominated+-label%3Astable-accepted+label%3AT-rustdoc\">T-rustdoc</a><br>\nThere are no issues this time.</p>",
        "id": 201277364,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592491446
    },
    {
        "content": "<h2>PR's S-waiting-on-team</h2>\n<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aopen+label%3AS-waiting-on-team+label%3AT-compiler\">T-compiler</a></p>\n<ul>\n<li>\"Implement <code>--extern-location</code>\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/72603\">#72603</a><ul>\n<li>This was already discussed last week</li>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/303\">an MCP is pending</a></li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 201277378,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592491456
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aopen+label%3AS-waiting-on-team+label%3Alibs-impl\">libs-impl</a><br>\nThere are no issues this time.</p>",
        "id": 201277399,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592491468
    },
    {
        "content": "<h2>Issues of Note</h2>\n<h3>Short Summary</h3>\n<ul>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aopen+label%3AT-compiler+label%3AP-critical+\">3 T-compiler P-critical issues</a><ul>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aopen+label%3AT-compiler+label%3AP-critical+no%3Aassignee\">1 of those are unassigned</a></li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aopen+label%3AT-compiler+label%3AP-high+\">49 T-compiler P-high issues</a><ul>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aopen+label%3AT-compiler+label%3AP-high+no%3Aassignee\">26 of those are unassigned</a></li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/labels/regression-from-stable-to-beta\">2 P-critical, 1 P-high, 4 P-medium, 0 P-low regression-from-stable-to-beta</a></li>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/labels/regression-from-stable-to-nightly\">1 P-critical, 1 P-high, 4 P-medium, 1 P-low regression-from-stable-to-nightly</a></li>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/labels/regression-from-stable-to-stable\">0 P-critical, 14 P-high, 45 P-medium, 4 P-low regression-from-stable-to-stable</a></li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 201277419,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592491476
    },
    {
        "content": "<h3>P-critical</h3>\n<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aopen+label%3AP-critical+label%3AT-compiler\">T-compiler</a></p>",
        "id": 201277490,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592491503
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>\"Slice index becomes wrong (beta regression)\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/73223\">#73223</a><ul>\n<li>It's a regression from stable to beta</li>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/73262\">PR is merged already on nightly</a></li>\n<li>It's beta nominated</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>\"ICE: could not fully normalize\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/73249\">#73249</a><ul>\n<li>It's a regression from stable to nightly</li>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/73257\">It has a PR already r+ed</a></li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 201277506,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592491513
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(these are all well in hand)</p>",
        "id": 201277519,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592491524
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>by the way, there was as debate on some zulip topic (<span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116266\">@Santiago Pastorino</span> can you find link) about whether we should demote P-critical issues to P-high once they are \"on track to be resolved\"</p>",
        "id": 201277619,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592491564
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The notable case was P-critical beta-regressions that 1. have a PR landed on nightly 2. that is approved for beta-backport (but has no backport PR yet)</p>",
        "id": 201277673,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592491604
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>is that worth keeping at P-critical, or is it better to demote to P-high at that point</p>",
        "id": 201277703,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592491623
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think it was <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"118594\">@ecstatic-morse</span> who said that demoting in this scenario was counter-intuitive</p>",
        "id": 201277743,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592491644
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/P-critical.20issues.20for.20beta.2Fstable.20nominations\">https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/P-critical.20issues.20for.20beta.2Fstable.20nominations</a></p>",
        "id": 201277759,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1592491651
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>thanks <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116266\">@Santiago Pastorino</span></p>",
        "id": 201277762,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592491656
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway I'm mostly ambivalent about whether to demote or not. The main reason to demote is to keep the set of P-critical issues small and focused, so that this synchronous meeting can likewise be short and focused</p>",
        "id": 201277875,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592491705
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>feel free to voice your opinion on <a class=\"stream-topic\" data-stream-id=\"227806\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/P-critical.20issues.20for.20beta.2Fstable.20nominations\">#t-compiler/wg-prioritization &gt; P-critical issues for beta/stable nominations</a></p>",
        "id": 201277908,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592491734
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm still with the opinion that issues mainly track what happens on master , so on master is not <code>P-critical</code> anymore</p>",
        "id": 201277939,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1592491752
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>last P-critical issue:</p>",
        "id": 201277941,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592491753
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bweekly.20meeting.5D.202020-06-18.20.2354818/near/201277939\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I'm still with the opinion that issues mainly track what happens on master , so on master is not <code>P-critical</code> anymore</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>yeah we should resolve that too</p>",
        "id": 201277974,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592491769
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bweekly.20meeting.5D.202020-06-18.20.2354818/near/201277939\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I'm still with the opinion that issues mainly track what happens on master , so on master is not <code>P-critical</code> anymore</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I've just seen earier one <code>P-critical</code> automatically closed because the PR had the text Closes #XYZ</p>",
        "id": 201277985,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1592491776
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I am a little worried about closing beta-regression issues before beta itself is fixed</p>",
        "id": 201278019,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592491791
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and it had a pending beta backport</p>",
        "id": 201278022,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1592491794
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and while sometimes they do get closed due to the mechanism you described earlier, that doesn't mean that is what we should strive for</p>",
        "id": 201278143,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592491831
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway lets maybe let debate on that matter live on <a class=\"stream-topic\" data-stream-id=\"227806\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/P-critical.20issues.20for.20beta.2Fstable.20nominations\">#t-compiler/wg-prioritization &gt; P-critical issues for beta/stable nominations</a></p>",
        "id": 201278217,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592491853
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>last P-critical issue:</p>",
        "id": 201278248,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592491863
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>\"ICE: MIR const-checker found novel structural match violation\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/73431\">#73431</a> <ul>\n<li>ICE when matching with a trait constant</li>\n<li>Beta regression caused by <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/67343\">#67343</a> (<span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"118594\">@ecstatic-morse</span>)</li>\n<li>Breaks previously accepted code, should be fixed and backported before it gets to stable</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 201278265,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592491870
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh wait I unilaterally approved beta backport here</p>",
        "id": 201278299,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592491883
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so again we're okay. (That's an example, I think, of that issue that could be demoted to P-high if we follow the aforementioned demotion policy)</p>",
        "id": 201278374,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592491917
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aopen+label%3AP-critical+label%3Alibs-impl\">libs-impl</a><br>\nThere are no issues this time.</p>\n<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aopen+label%3AP-critical+label%3AT-rustdoc\">T-rustdoc</a><br>\nThere are no issues this time.</p>",
        "id": 201278427,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592491926
    },
    {
        "content": "<h3>Unassigned P-high regressions</h3>\n<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aopen+label%3Aregression-from-stable-to-beta+P-high+no%3Aassignee\">Beta regressions</a></p>",
        "id": 201278449,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592491938
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>\"Unreasonably long (and useless) error message doing modulo on non-existent variable: overflow evaluating the requirement `typenum::UInt&lt;typenum::UInt...\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/72839\">#72839</a><ul>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/73005\">PR is merged already</a></li>\n<li>It's already beta accepted</li>\n<li>So this is waiting for a beta backport</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 201278480,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592491956
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay so this is dealt with (see above backport approval)</p>",
        "id": 201278533,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592491982
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aopen+label%3Aregression-from-stable-to-nightly+P-high+no%3Aassignee\">Nightly regressions</a><br>\nThere are no issues this time.</p>",
        "id": 201278548,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592491989
    },
    {
        "content": "<h2>Performance logs</h2>\n<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rustc-perf/tree/master/triage#triage-logs\">Triage done by njn</a></p>\n<p>Some bustage involving Cargo meant that some merges in this period didn't get measured.</p>\n<p>Regressions:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>\n<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/73367#issuecomment-644456094\">Rollup of 10 pull requests</a> (<a href=\"https://perf.rust-lang.org/compare.html?start=ce6d3a73b514e9649e57cee812ad129bb2112016&amp;end=d4ecf31efc2309fb6df8c2a8af9aaf8176ab1c8d&amp;stat=instructions:u\">instructions</a>):<br>\n  Regressed up to 3.5% on multiple benchmarks. Maybe <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/71824\">#71824</a> is the cause?</p>\n</li>\n<li>\n<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/73262#issuecomment-644451010\">Disable the <code>SimplifyArmIdentity</code> pass</a> (<a href=\"https://perf.rust-lang.org/compare.html?start=7c78a5f97de07a185eebae5a5de436c80d8ba9d4&amp;end=f4fbb93113aa4f0a0cd08e74afb35381bbfbc7f0&amp;stat=instructions:u\">instructions</a>):<br>\n  A small regression on a couple of benchmarks from disabling a buggy pass,<br>\n  which may be re-enabled in the future?</p>\n</li>\n<li>\n<p>A small regression occurred for <code>syn-opt</code>, but I can't tell which PR was<br>\n  responsible because the improvement occurred in one of the merges that wasn't<br>\n  measured due to the Cargo bustage.</p>\n</li>\n</ul>\n<p>Improvements:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Some huge improvements occurred for <code>clap-rs-opt</code>, but I can't tell which PR was responsible because the improvement occurred in one of the merges that wasn't measured due to the Cargo bustage.</li>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/73316#issuecomment-644453724\">Rollup of 8 pull requests</a> (<a href=\"https://perf.rust-lang.org/compare.html?start=1fb612bd15bb3ef098fd24c20d0727de573b4410&amp;end=06e47688bf15d0215edbe05b21603062f6d2eb5d&amp;stat=instructions:u\">instructions</a>):<br>\n  A small improvement on <code>many-assoc-items</code>, and a tiny regression on a couple of other benchmarks.</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 201278562,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592491997
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>hmm. A little unfortunate about the various bits only being evaluated at a coarse grain due to bustage and/or rollups</p>",
        "id": 201278625,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592492040
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't think there's anything there we need to lose sleep over, except maybe the 3.5% regression...?</p>",
        "id": 201278733,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592492071
    },
    {
        "content": "<h2>Nominated Issues</h2>\n<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?q=is%3Aopen+label%3AI-nominated+label%3AT-compiler\">T-compiler</a></p>",
        "id": 201278876,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592492130
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>five minutes left, and four nominated issues...</p>",
        "id": 201278887,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592492137
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bweekly.20meeting.5D.202020-06-18.20.2354818/near/201278733\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I don't think there's anything there we need to lose sleep over, except maybe the 3.5% regression...?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I <em>think</em> the logic in <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/71824\">#71824</a> is gated on a feature-gate, right <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"118594\">@ecstatic-morse</span> ?</p>",
        "id": 201278905,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1592492144
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>\"Type mismatching cased by duplicate associated type resolution\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/59326\">#59326</a><ul>\n<li>Unassigned P-high regression</li>\n<li>Culprit likely to be <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/56837\">#56837</a></li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 201278907,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592492144
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bweekly.20meeting.5D.202020-06-18.20.2354818/near/201278887\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>five minutes left, and four nominated issues...</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>don't worry that much about this, we can defer most of them for next meeting when we run out of time</p>",
        "id": 201279028,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1592492174
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bweekly.20meeting.5D.202020-06-18.20.2354818/near/201278905\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bweekly.20meeting.5D.202020-06-18.20.2354818/near/201278733\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I don't think there's anything there we need to lose sleep over, except maybe the 3.5% regression...?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I <em>think</em> that logic is gated on a feature-gate, right <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"118594\">ecstatic-morse</span> ?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>that's assuming the regression is indeed due to <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/71824\">#71824</a>, which has not yet been confirmed, of course...</p>",
        "id": 201279029,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592492174
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah I'm kind of suggesting that may be incorrect</p>",
        "id": 201279064,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1592492194
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>gotcha</p>",
        "id": 201279099,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592492209
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i'm going to jump to this one issue</p>",
        "id": 201279145,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592492229
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Also man huge shout out to the cleanup crew</p>",
        "id": 201279159,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1592492236
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>\"mv std libs to std/\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/73265\">#73265</a><ul>\n<li>PR to move the stdlib crates to the <code>std/</code> folder</li>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/73265#issuecomment-643416610\">Proposes</a> the following directory structure: <code>std/&lt;crate&gt;/src/*.rs</code> (i.e. one <code>src/</code> folder per crate)</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 201279161,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592492237
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/59326#issuecomment-645911137\">stuff like this is awesome</a></p>",
        "id": 201279178,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1592492244
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>basically, if you object to <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/73265\">#73265</a></p>",
        "id": 201279223,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592492267
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>this is your chance to say something. <span aria-label=\"slight smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f642\" role=\"img\" title=\"slight smile\">:slight_smile:</span></p>",
        "id": 201279244,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592492277
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Specifically this: <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/73265#issuecomment-643416610\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/73265#issuecomment-643416610</a></p>",
        "id": 201279327,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1592492295
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so you all ended up settling on <code>std/&lt;crate&gt;/src/**.rs</code> in the end</p>",
        "id": 201279557,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592492396
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>FWIW there's a process question here as well -- the MCP sort of ended/accepted with some concerns, but it's not really clear what to do about them</p>",
        "id": 201279621,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1592492406
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>with FCPs, the team sort of makes a decision after FCP concludes</p>",
        "id": 201279655,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1592492415
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but with MCP it's less clear who is responsible for that</p>",
        "id": 201279683,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1592492422
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(obviously if there's no objections, there's no problem)</p>",
        "id": 201279698,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1592492431
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe we should use an fcp merge checkbox here</p>",
        "id": 201279721,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592492443
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I know the MCP was approved, but as <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116122\">@simulacrum</span> points out, there were open questiosn that are getting resolved on the PR thread itself</p>",
        "id": 201279778,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592492465
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>perhaps, yeah (see <a href=\"#narrow/stream/233931-t-compiler.2Fmajor-changes/topic/.60mv.20src.2Flib.7Bstd.2Ccore.2Calloc.2Ctest.2Cetc.7D.20std.2Fl.20compiler-team.23298/near/199156966\">https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/233931-t-compiler.2Fmajor-changes/topic/.60mv.20src.2Flib.7Bstd.2Ccore.2Calloc.2Ctest.2Cetc.7D.20std.2Fl.20compiler-team.23298/near/199156966</a> discussion)</p>",
        "id": 201279793,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1592492473
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so that seems worth some sort of round-trip through the team</p>",
        "id": 201279797,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592492477
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and the only question is: How much of a roundtrip?</p>",
        "id": 201279812,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592492484
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I don't know if we have a explicit policy for things like this</p>",
        "id": 201279818,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1592492486
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>seems good to have one though, and FCP seems reasonable</p>",
        "id": 201279842,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1592492495
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we don't have an explicit policy,</p>",
        "id": 201279862,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1592492505
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Absent an explicit policy, I think we should be conservative and do an fcpbot merge here then</p>",
        "id": 201280000,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592492533
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>unresolved objections on MCP =&gt; get FCP approval before moving ahead, basically</p>",
        "id": 201280022,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1592492537
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think escalating to a full check-off is reasonable</p>",
        "id": 201280046,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1592492542
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>great</p>",
        "id": 201280062,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592492548
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>of course I'd rather just see the proposal kind of changed to resolve the objections</p>",
        "id": 201280087,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1592492555
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(can someone kick that off on the relevant thread?)</p>",
        "id": 201280104,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1592492559
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>will do</p>",
        "id": 201280136,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592492566
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and with that</p>",
        "id": 201280144,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592492571
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>meeting time is up, and we got through almost everything</p>",
        "id": 201280157,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592492578
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>thanks to everyone in <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"897\">@T-compiler/meeting</span> for attending!</p>",
        "id": 201280182,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592492590
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> there's a fundamental trade-off here between the typical thing being \"Cargo projects have a src/ directory in each crate\" and \"shortness of paths\"</p>",
        "id": 201280185,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1592492591
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Regarding the mingw backport - <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/73184#issuecomment-646078056\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/73184#issuecomment-646078056</a></p>",
        "id": 201280214,
        "sender_full_name": "Vadim Petrochenkov",
        "timestamp": 1592492600
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and thanks to <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"2403\">@WG-prioritization</span> for all your work triaging and preparing the agenda</p>",
        "id": 201280225,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592492604
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>stay safe, stay healthy <span aria-label=\"mask\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f637\" role=\"img\" title=\"mask\">:mask:</span></p>",
        "id": 201280255,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592492618
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116122\">@simulacrum</span> yeah I recognize this may be a case that the concerns can't be resolved</p>",
        "id": 201280403,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1592492663
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span> kinda boring but if you're still curious: <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/73225#discussion_r442296635\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/73225#discussion_r442296635</a></p>",
        "id": 201280492,
        "sender_full_name": "eddyb",
        "timestamp": 1592492687
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span aria-label=\"thumbs up\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44d\" role=\"img\" title=\"thumbs up\">:thumbs_up:</span> I agree in general, just don't think it's really feasible in this case. Of course, we can resolve them by going with option B and not A, but IMO option A is better so then I'd raise an objection etc</p>",
        "id": 201280544,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1592492708
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>hey <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"198054\">@mark-i-m</span> i didn't check: The proposal you wrote in the comment <strong>does</strong> reflect the state of the PR, right?</p>",
        "id": 201280797,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592492794
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I've also updated the PR description fwiw</p>",
        "id": 201281668,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1592493138
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bweekly.20meeting.5D.202020-06-18.20.2354818/near/201278905\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bweekly.20meeting.5D.202020-06-18.20.2354818/near/201278733\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I don't think there's anything there we need to lose sleep over, except maybe the 3.5% regression...?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I <em>think</em> the logic in <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/71824\">#71824</a> is gated on a feature-gate, right <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"118594\">ecstatic-morse</span> ?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> The regression is not due to <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/71824\">#71824</a>. HIR lowering and borrowck were the queries that regressed. More likely would be <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/72389\">#72389</a> or <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/72598\">#72598</a>, which touch that code</p>",
        "id": 201284626,
        "sender_full_name": "Dylan MacKenzie (ecstatic-morse)",
        "timestamp": 1592494319
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I wonder if we should have some better guidelines about what to rollup=never</p>",
        "id": 201285005,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1592494498
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>If that's correct, how much of a perf regression should we tolerate for improved diagnostics? I don't think  \"no regressions\" is feasible. Even adding a field to something can cause a small regression if that thing is widely copied.</p>",
        "id": 201285008,
        "sender_full_name": "Dylan MacKenzie (ecstatic-morse)",
        "timestamp": 1592494501
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and/or if we can handle rollups better</p>",
        "id": 201285029,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1592494508
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I reviewed those but definitely perf was not on my mind as a likely consequence)</p>",
        "id": 201285088,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1592494539
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It's not too hard to revert for purposes of a perf run after the fact. I don't think anyone could have reasonably expected a regression from either of those PRs</p>",
        "id": 201285225,
        "sender_full_name": "Dylan MacKenzie (ecstatic-morse)",
        "timestamp": 1592494600
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I don't know if it is either one of those for sure)</p>",
        "id": 201285280,
        "sender_full_name": "Dylan MacKenzie (ecstatic-morse)",
        "timestamp": 1592494635
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>It's not too hard to revert for purposes of a perf run after the fact. </p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Assigning that responsibility is the harder part I guess <span aria-label=\"smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-263a\" role=\"img\" title=\"smile\">:smile:</span></p>",
        "id": 201285335,
        "sender_full_name": "Dylan MacKenzie (ecstatic-morse)",
        "timestamp": 1592494679
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>True</p>",
        "id": 201285634,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1592494810
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'll do two perf runs this time. To defend the honor of <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/71824\">#71824</a> XD</p>",
        "id": 201285797,
        "sender_full_name": "Dylan MacKenzie (ecstatic-morse)",
        "timestamp": 1592494858
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>But if we find out that one of those PRs slowed things down, do we revert in this case?</p>",
        "id": 201286116,
        "sender_full_name": "Dylan MacKenzie (ecstatic-morse)",
        "timestamp": 1592494992
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bweekly.20meeting.5D.202020-06-18.20.2354818/near/201280797\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>hey <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"198054\">mark-i-m</span> i didn't check: The proposal you wrote in the comment <strong>does</strong> reflect the state of the PR, right?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Sorry, I had to run... <strong>No</strong> the PR needs to be fixed/updated/squashed</p>",
        "id": 201292506,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1592497748
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span> there was a suggestion on the gh issue to also remove the <code>lib</code> prefixes (<code>src/libcore</code> -&gt; <code>std/core</code>), which seems to have at least partial support. But it looks like a lot of boxes have already been ticked here. What's the correct thing to do here?</p>",
        "id": 201294069,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1592498423
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well, first of all</p>",
        "id": 201298025,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592500103
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh sorry</p>",
        "id": 201298042,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592500112
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay so the PR doesn't reflect the proposal</p>",
        "id": 201298051,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592500119
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and the proposal is not finalized</p>",
        "id": 201298068,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592500126
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so i'll just cancel the FCP</p>",
        "id": 201298086,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592500135
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"198054\">@mark-i-m</span> you let me know when you have a finalized proposal ready. It might be good to update the PR to reflect that proposal, if possible, but I can understand that's a large effort that would be wasted if the proposal does not end up being approved.</p>",
        "id": 201298169,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592500179
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I just expect the proposal to be approved, and am trying to streamline the approval process.)</p>",
        "id": 201298202,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592500195
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span> I feel like canceling fcp is going to end with us spinning a few more weeks on this needlessly, personally, but I'm okay with it if you want to</p>",
        "id": 201298849,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1592500522
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i.e. the current suggestions all seem like things that we would naturally incorporate after fcp finished</p>",
        "id": 201298888,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1592500540
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I also see the desire to start FCP on a complete proposal</p>",
        "id": 201298972,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1592500563
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well, its the kind of change where I'd prefer that each file (or individual directory with its immediate file children, really) gets moved <em>at most</em> once</p>",
        "id": 201299044,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592500598
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and thus I'd prefer everyone be on the same page about what's happening.</p>",
        "id": 201299075,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592500617
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the main drawback to delaying (even if only by a week) would be that <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"198054\">@mark-i-m</span> would have to maintain the branch</p>",
        "id": 201299108,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592500640
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so how about this: ¿ 1. I cancel the FCP, saying that the proposal has written hadn't been properly finalized to the form that <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"198054\">@mark-i-m</span> wanted, and 2. I state, as part of the cancellation, that we will be finalizing this next thursday ?</p>",
        "id": 201299175,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592500680
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116122\">simulacrum</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bweekly.20meeting.5D.202020-06-18.20.2354818/near/201298888\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>i.e. the current suggestions all seem like things that we would naturally incorporate after fcp finished</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>when you say \"would naturally incorporate\", do you mean in follow-up PR's? Or folded into this PR, after everyone had signed off on the proposed directory structure?</p>",
        "id": 201299366,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592500766
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Folded into this PR</p>",
        "id": 201299737,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1592500947
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think it was probably a mistake to do FCP on the PR (maybe we should have opened a new issue or so)</p>",
        "id": 201299767,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1592500971
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think asking <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"198054\">@mark-i-m</span> to implement each iteration of the proposal is a bit excessive</p>",
        "id": 201299833,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1592501016
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>And the proposal has not majorly changed, just people are identifying things we can cleanup \"while we're at it\" as they see it, I guess</p>",
        "id": 201299952,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1592501067
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think the proposal as written by <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"198054\">@mark-i-m</span> in the summary comment basically matches the current end state - the main known point of contention at least is there, which is whether it's okay to add a level of nesting</p>",
        "id": 201300923,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1592501541
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay then. I'm willing to let the current FCP stand then</p>",
        "id": 201300987,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592501586
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and trust that the remaining revisions are small enough that people won't objecrt</p>",
        "id": 201301010,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1592501599
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think we can say that next Thursday meeting we'll check (like beta backport) and if anyone feels we should re-FCP we can</p>",
        "id": 201302147,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1592502126
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Thanks <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span> and <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116122\">@simulacrum</span> ! That sounds good</p>",
        "id": 201302720,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1592502357
    }
]