[
    {
        "content": "<p>Hi <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"897\">@T-compiler/meeting</span>; the triage meeting will be starting in ~ 19 hours</p>",
        "id": 199661806,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591210947
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"2403\">@WG-prioritization</span> will be doing pre-triage in <a class=\"stream-topic\" data-stream-id=\"227806\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/pre-meeting.20triage.202020-06-04.20.2354818\">#t-compiler/wg-prioritization &gt; pre-meeting triage 2020-06-04 #54818</a></p>",
        "id": 199661907,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591211015
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>During pre-triage we will be preparing the <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/Bcz-cQ6sRx6A8WqNCMLeCg?view\">meeting agenda</a></p>",
        "id": 199662008,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591211060
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We will have checkins from <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"1095\">@T-compiler/WG-meta</span> and <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"1162\">@WG-mir-opt</span></p>",
        "id": 199662061,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591211086
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> and I should have something to share about <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"1095\">@T-compiler/WG-meta</span></p>",
        "id": 199662146,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591211132
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"124288\">@oli</span> do you have something you want to share about <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"1162\">@WG-mir-opt</span>?</p>",
        "id": 199662169,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591211151
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>jop, I'll build sth for wg-mir-opt</p>",
        "id": 199712613,
        "sender_full_name": "oli",
        "timestamp": 1591255300
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>In case I miss the check in: <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/H49SQNHURUmVUimyOONgEA\">https://hackmd.io/H49SQNHURUmVUimyOONgEA</a></p>",
        "id": 199714373,
        "sender_full_name": "oli",
        "timestamp": 1591256786
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"124288\">@oli</span> great, going to copy that to the agenda last section where we have the checkins</p>",
        "id": 199741093,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591275000
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>done</p>",
        "id": 199741317,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591275101
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hi <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"897\">@T-compiler/meeting</span>, triage meeting will be starting in ~ 24 minutes</p>",
        "id": 199747334,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591277780
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hi <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"897\">@T-compiler/meeting</span>! Add a <span aria-label=\"wave\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44b\" role=\"img\" title=\"wave\">:wave:</span> emoji to show you're here :)</p>",
        "id": 199750887,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591279319
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we will start off with 5 minutes for ...</p>",
        "id": 199750978,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591279346
    },
    {
        "content": "<h2>Announcements</h2>",
        "id": 199750990,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591279350
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>Today: 1.44 will be released <span aria-label=\"tada\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f389\" role=\"img\" title=\"tada\">:tada:</span></li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 199751029,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591279370
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>Tomorrow (Friday): We have our <a href=\"https://forge.rust-lang.org/compiler/steering-meeting.html\">planning meeting</a>; you should <a href=\"https://forge.rust-lang.org/compiler/steering-meeting/submit.html\">submit proposals!</a></li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 199751044,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591279377
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>Major Changes Proposals:<ul>\n<li>Seconded proposals (in FCP)<ul>\n<li>\"RFC 2229 implementation plan\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/292\">#292</a></li>\n<li>\"create windows working group\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/293\">#293</a></li>\n<li>\"Remove Spans from HIR\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/294\">#294</a></li>\n<li>\"move leak-check to during coherence, candidate eval\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/295\">#295</a></li>\n<li>\"Introduce <code>ty_error</code>/<code>ty_error_with_message</code>/<code>ty_error_const</code> to construct error type or const\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/297\">#297</a></li>\n<li>\"<code>mv src/lib{std,core,alloc,test,etc} std/lib{std,core,alloc,test,etc}</code>\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/298\">#298</a></li>\n<li>\"Preserve <code>PlaceContext</code> through projections\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/300\">#300</a></li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>New proposals (not seconded)<ul>\n<li>No new not seconded proposals</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>Old proposals (not seconded)<ul>\n<li>\"Integration of the Cranelift backend with rustc\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/270\">#270</a></li>\n<li>\"Decentralize queries\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/277\">#277</a></li>\n<li>\"illumos toolchain builds\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/279\">#279</a></li>\n<li>\"Make <code>CONTRIBUTING.md</code> into a series of tutorials\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/296\">#296</a></li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 199751075,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591279388
    },
    {
        "content": "<h2>Beta-nominations</h2>\n<p>No beta nominations this time for <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=label%3Abeta-nominated+label%3AT-compiler\"><code>T-compiler</code></a>, <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=label%3Abeta-nominated+label%3Alibs-impl\"><code>libs-impl</code></a> and <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=label%3Abeta-nominated+label%3AT-rustdoc\"><code>T-rustdoc</code></a>.</p>\n<h2>Stable-nominations</h2>\n<p>No stable nominations this time for <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=label%3Astable-nominated+label%3AT-compiler\"><code>T-compiler</code></a>, <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=label%3Astable-nominated+label%3Alibs-impl\"><code>libs-impl</code></a> and <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=label%3Astable-nominated+label%3AT-rustdoc\"><code>T-rustdoc</code></a>.</p>",
        "id": 199751154,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591279417
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>heh I jumped the gun there</p>",
        "id": 199751177,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591279424
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'll wait to let other people add announcements before I proceed further</p>",
        "id": 199751199,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591279434
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Quick question: What does seconding a meeting proposal entail?</p>",
        "id": 199751208,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1591279437
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that bullet with \"seconding\" is about major change proposals</p>",
        "id": 199751299,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591279459
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(and do full team members do that, or contributor members also)</p>",
        "id": 199751313,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1591279467
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>meeting proposals are just about the weekly steering (design) meetings, which we decide about whether we will or will not hold them during the planning meeting (which we have tomorrow, Friday)</p>",
        "id": 199751374,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591279495
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I am trying to remember what language we settled on :) I think contributors can do so also</p>",
        "id": 199751381,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591279497
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>/me has seconded one proposal at least</p>",
        "id": 199751405,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1591279509
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think the idea was \"experts in the area\"</p>",
        "id": 199751407,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591279509
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I understand what the meeting proposals are for, just not what the expectations on someone who seconds a proposal are.</p>",
        "id": 199751438,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1591279520
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116107\">@davidtwco</span> but my point is that people do not second meeting proposals at all</p>",
        "id": 199751465,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591279535
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't think we really even said anything about \"formal rules\" for who can do it beyond that, we figured the FCP etc would take care of it (and anything irreversible requires check-off from team anyway) (edit: corrected, see below)</p>",
        "id": 199751487,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591279547
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>they second MCP's. But part of my issue is that maybe you are talking about MCP's but saying \"meeting\" here, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116107\">@davidtwco</span> ?</p>",
        "id": 199751512,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591279561
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bweekly.20meeting.5D.202020-06-04.20.2354818/near/199751512\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>they second MCP's. But part of my issue is that maybe you are talking about MCP's but saying \"meeting\" here, <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116107\">davidtwco</span> ?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>yeah, sorry - I mean MCP; <span aria-label=\"face palm\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f926\" role=\"img\" title=\"face palm\">:face_palm:</span></p>",
        "id": 199751579,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1591279579
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ah okay</p>",
        "id": 199751585,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591279583
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the language of <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/2904\">rfc#2904</a> should specify this</p>",
        "id": 199751637,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591279618
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>A second, a member of the compiler team or a contributor who approves of the idea, but is not the one originating the proposal.</p>\n</blockquote>",
        "id": 199751705,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591279645
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that's what we wrote in the RFC</p>",
        "id": 199751712,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591279649
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah I think all it means is \"I think this is a good idea\" including approval of the design as specified</p>",
        "id": 199751850,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591279698
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it doesn't mean you are agreeing to take on review duties or implementation duties</p>",
        "id": 199751881,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591279711
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>alright, that makes sense, thanks! sorry for the slight derailing</p>",
        "id": 199751889,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1591279714
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>no that's fine, its important to get these things clarified</p>",
        "id": 199751941,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591279733
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay so I think we can move on with the <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/Bcz-cQ6sRx6A8WqNCMLeCg?view\">agenda</a> then</p>",
        "id": 199752054,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591279786
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>as already mentioned, there are no backport nominations (which is normal for a release week. <span aria-label=\"smiley\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f603\" role=\"img\" title=\"smiley\">:smiley:</span> )</p>",
        "id": 199752157,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591279823
    },
    {
        "content": "<h2>PR's S-waiting-on-team</h2>\n<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aopen+label%3AS-waiting-on-team+label%3AT-compiler\">T-compiler S-waiting-on-team</a></p>",
        "id": 199752194,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591279840
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>\"Print environment variables accessed by rustc as special comments into depinfo files\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/71858\">#71858</a><ul>\n<li>In FCP, disposition-merge</li>\n<li>Assigned to <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116122\">@simulacrum</span></li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 199752200,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591279846
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(i just checked off my box)</p>",
        "id": 199752247,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591279869
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I would have said it is \"in pre-fcp\", but I also just checked my box)</p>",
        "id": 199752454,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591279940
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>there's some discussion of security leakage of sensitive data</p>",
        "id": 199752471,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591279948
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but the change here would solely add such info to .d (depinfo) files, right?</p>",
        "id": 199752496,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591279959
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>such things are not typically distributed beyond a developer's build machine, are they?</p>",
        "id": 199752544,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591279981
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway that was just something that struck me while I reviewed.</p>",
        "id": 199752654,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591280030
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't think so</p>",
        "id": 199752663,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591280034
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it seems like a very strange attack vector, in any case</p>",
        "id": 199752727,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591280047
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah and it's only env vars accessed by <code>env!</code>, so they would show up in incremental caches too (well, no, we don't cache HIR yet. but likely MIR), and likely in the artifacts as well</p>",
        "id": 199752740,
        "sender_full_name": "eddyb",
        "timestamp": 1591280054
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah I suspect that was the point <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"123856\">@Vadim Petrochenkov</span> was making in their comment: that if there's leakage that way, its probably already present</p>",
        "id": 199752793,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591280084
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>in ways that are far more problematic</p>",
        "id": 199752816,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591280098
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay so what else is waiting on team</p>",
        "id": 199752845,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591280107
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>\"Don't emit structure padding members if no padding is required.\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/72541\">#72541</a><ul>\n<li>This is also nominated for T-compiler</li>\n<li>This needs discussion from some people with LLVM knowledge</li>\n<li>It sounds like eddyb is saying supporting SPIR-V isn't viable so we shouldn't take this patch regardless.</li>\n<li>Assigned to <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"119009\">@eddyb</span></li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 199752860,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591280113
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh I didn't nominate it</p>",
        "id": 199752982,
        "sender_full_name": "eddyb",
        "timestamp": 1591280161
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I thought I did then forgot about it)</p>",
        "id": 199753045,
        "sender_full_name": "eddyb",
        "timestamp": 1591280169
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I cut-and-pasted from the agenda</p>",
        "id": 199753055,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591280176
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but was that supposed to be \"should take this patch\" , instead of \"shouldn't\" ?</p>",
        "id": 199753079,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591280187
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>no, I don't think we should land this</p>",
        "id": 199753111,
        "sender_full_name": "eddyb",
        "timestamp": 1591280203
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I was hoping for some discussion on the PR itself, instead of making an unilateral decision</p>",
        "id": 199753127,
        "sender_full_name": "eddyb",
        "timestamp": 1591280214
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe I misunderstand what the goal of the PR is</p>",
        "id": 199753135,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591280221
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ah okay</p>",
        "id": 199753150,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591280230
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the person writing it is doing so because zero-length arrays are disallowed by SPIR-V</p>",
        "id": 199753169,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591280242
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it complicates codegen by removing a trick I added a long time ago</p>",
        "id": 199753172,
        "sender_full_name": "eddyb",
        "timestamp": 1591280243
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so this would be a prerequisite to supporting SPIR-V. But <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"119009\">@eddyb</span> is saying that is not a good motivation</p>",
        "id": 199753220,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591280262
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>what about it speeding up the compiler?</p>",
        "id": 199753237,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591280270
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>do we have numbers showing it does?</p>",
        "id": 199753285,
        "sender_full_name": "eddyb",
        "timestamp": 1591280282
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://perf.rust-lang.org/compare.html?start=94fccccd2cdba42aed93ad7715e969ab6aad6301&amp;end=d839ad4507180aa47a451a273cb3f1a1ba653c80\">https://perf.rust-lang.org/compare.html?start=94fccccd2cdba42aed93ad7715e969ab6aad6301&amp;end=d839ad4507180aa47a451a273cb3f1a1ba653c80</a></p>",
        "id": 199753315,
        "sender_full_name": "oli",
        "timestamp": 1591280293
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"118594\">@ecstatic-morse</span> claimed it did in comment thread</p>",
        "id": 199753323,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591280299
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(slight win)</p>",
        "id": 199753331,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591280303
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>huh did I miss it</p>",
        "id": 199753339,
        "sender_full_name": "eddyb",
        "timestamp": 1591280305
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>basically <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"119009\">@eddyb</span> your argument is that this makes the code more complex and the goal (supporting SPIR-V) is too complex and will never be reached?</p>",
        "id": 199753353,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591280313
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/72541#issuecomment-633317040\">here</a></p>",
        "id": 199753359,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591280316
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Well there's a few small wins and a moderate loss</p>",
        "id": 199753377,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1591280325
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>at a glance I don't even see the wins. maybe one</p>",
        "id": 199753399,
        "sender_full_name": "eddyb",
        "timestamp": 1591280337
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't find the perf compelling enough to be a consideration for landing this (personally).</p>",
        "id": 199753414,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1591280342
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>SPIR-V doesn't seem plausible to me but I only have second-hand experience</p>",
        "id": 199753443,
        "sender_full_name": "eddyb",
        "timestamp": 1591280356
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>from someone building a MIR -&gt; SPIR-V backend</p>",
        "id": 199753467,
        "sender_full_name": "eddyb",
        "timestamp": 1591280371
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah okay I tend to agree that the performance wins shown here don't seem significant enough to justify overall complication</p>",
        "id": 199753486,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591280379
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it requires more bookkeeping on our side to generate, so it's not a simple win even if LLVM handles it better</p>",
        "id": 199753528,
        "sender_full_name": "eddyb",
        "timestamp": 1591280397
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I've worked with SPIR-V at $dayjob; there are compilers for subsets of C++/C to SPIR-V for targetting GPUs; it's probably plausible for a subset of Rust also.</p>",
        "id": 199753529,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1591280397
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that would be my take too -- I don't get why it's not possible for some subset of Rust</p>",
        "id": 199753601,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591280413
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"119009\">@eddyb</span> would you prefer that we put this through an rfcbot poll with disposition to close, so that people get chance to chime in outside of this meeting?</p>",
        "id": 199753607,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591280415
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah I expected discussion on the PR, which is why I didn't nominate it</p>",
        "id": 199753644,
        "sender_full_name": "eddyb",
        "timestamp": 1591280432
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but that sounds like a different discussion. We can figure out SPIR-V independently of this and revisit when there's an overall plan</p>",
        "id": 199753659,
        "sender_full_name": "oli",
        "timestamp": 1591280438
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I am willing to believe that we should try to sketch out what kind of <em>actual</em> SPIR-V support we want before just complicating the codebase</p>",
        "id": 199753684,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591280446
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>what <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"124288\">@oli</span> said, basically</p>",
        "id": 199753724,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591280460
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>idk what @MaikKlein does these days, they are the author of that MIR -&gt; SPIR-V backend I was mentioning, I was hoping they would chime in</p>",
        "id": 199753733,
        "sender_full_name": "eddyb",
        "timestamp": 1591280464
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay then. Lets treat it that way then.</p>",
        "id": 199753748,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591280469
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Perhaps we should ask for a MCP regarding the overall plan for SPIR-V support?</p>",
        "id": 199753793,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1591280490
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>As it would be a new target essentially</p>",
        "id": 199753804,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1591280496
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think we can unilaterally close with an explanation that we'd need a broader discussion (or at least MCP) of how we would go about supporting SPIR-V</p>",
        "id": 199753822,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591280506
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>seems like it might be beyond an MCP -- but that's a good start</p>",
        "id": 199753826,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591280506
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah it may be MCP or it may be RFC</p>",
        "id": 199753850,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591280517
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess it all depends on our goals...</p>",
        "id": 199753851,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591280519
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>frankly they should just fix ZSTs in LLVM, seems easier if they want to play around with the unlikely MIR -&gt; LLVM -&gt; SPIR-V route</p>",
        "id": 199753854,
        "sender_full_name": "eddyb",
        "timestamp": 1591280521
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I was wondering about that too :)</p>",
        "id": 199753915,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591280533
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't know who \"they\" is here</p>",
        "id": 199753920,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591280536
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the author of the PR</p>",
        "id": 199753938,
        "sender_full_name": "eddyb",
        "timestamp": 1591280542
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the ideal situation is LLVM wouldn't have struct types, they're only a very weird way to describe offsets</p>",
        "id": 199753992,
        "sender_full_name": "eddyb",
        "timestamp": 1591280564
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I can understand someone preferring to focus on a change on the <code>rustc</code> side</p>",
        "id": 199753996,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591280564
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I doubt the LLVM change would be as big</p>",
        "id": 199754019,
        "sender_full_name": "eddyb",
        "timestamp": 1591280575
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway</p>",
        "id": 199754026,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591280578
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>There's no upstream SPIR-V backend for LLVM either, there's a LLVM-to-SPIRV converter by Khronos and there's a work-in-progress backend by folks at ARM, as I understand it.</p>",
        "id": 199754033,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1591280580
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we can move along I think</p>",
        "id": 199754046,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591280583
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116107\">@davidtwco</span> oh that makes this even more dubious</p>",
        "id": 199754072,
        "sender_full_name": "eddyb",
        "timestamp": 1591280595
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and perhaps open a zulip topic for this, or discuss it on PR itself.</p>",
        "id": 199754077,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591280597
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I assumed they were talking about an official SPIR-V backend</p>",
        "id": 199754110,
        "sender_full_name": "eddyb",
        "timestamp": 1591280610
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>\"Implement <code>--extern-location</code>\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/72603\">#72603</a><ul>\n<li>This is also nominated for T-compiler and T-cargo</li>\n<li>What process should we follow with this? MCP/RFC?</li>\n<li>Assigned to <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116118\">@Matthew Jasper</span></li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 199754132,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591280618
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(things might have changed since I last looked)</p>",
        "id": 199754166,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1591280629
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I'll assign <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/72541\">#72541</a> to myself with intent to write a comment linking to and summarizing this meeting and then closing.)</p>",
        "id": 199754283,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591280679
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh this is cool, although top-level flags aren't great. I guess -L and --extern being top-level is the problem precedent here</p>",
        "id": 199754352,
        "sender_full_name": "eddyb",
        "timestamp": 1591280711
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>This is an external change so it requires team check-off</p>",
        "id": 199754356,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591280712
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm in favor of solving this problem, at least..</p>",
        "id": 199754376,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591280721
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>does it require more than an rfcbot checkoff here?</p>",
        "id": 199754389,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591280728
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think we should request a write-up</p>",
        "id": 199754395,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591280730
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>no, rfcbot checkoff suffices</p>",
        "id": 199754410,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591280739
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't see a comment mentioning requiring <code>-Z unstable-options</code></p>",
        "id": 199754412,
        "sender_full_name": "eddyb",
        "timestamp": 1591280740
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that said</p>",
        "id": 199754445,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591280761
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so this is sort of the grey area in my mind where an MCP would be useful, but we need more than a second</p>",
        "id": 199754507,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591280772
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>in particular, e.g. petrochenkov  raised a number of design questions etc</p>",
        "id": 199754522,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591280779
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think we should document what the option does and some of those considerations</p>",
        "id": 199754549,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591280797
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(and make sure to update the rustc user's guide etc)</p>",
        "id": 199754567,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591280806
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it doesn't have to be an MCP necessarily but I think it's a useful mechanism to separate out the design discussion from the PR itself</p>",
        "id": 199754603,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591280822
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't know that an <em>RFC</em> is required, it seems kind of like an internal cargo-rustc interface that wider users won't be that concerned about?</p>",
        "id": 199754686,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591280857
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway I don't care too much as long as we end up with some notes on what we did and why and documentation :)</p>",
        "id": 199754790,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591280897
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah I'm struggling to decide what to suggest here</p>",
        "id": 199754806,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591280906
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i.e. will asking for an MCP help?</p>",
        "id": 199754821,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591280914
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or just saying \"we expect some additional changes\", which wouldn't even have to go into this PR necessarily?</p>",
        "id": 199754858,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591280932
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so maybe even just opening a tracking issue with follow-up tasks?</p>",
        "id": 199754874,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591280942
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and a zulip thread to try to focus discussion, maybe?</p>",
        "id": 199754903,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591280956
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Personally I lean towards: keep our lives simple and say \"yes make an MCP\", and then we can rfcbot fcp merge on the MCP. In this way, an MCP is just our way of saying \"a write-up of what we plan to do\".</p>",
        "id": 199754911,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591280960
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>will that loop in the cargo team?</p>",
        "id": 199754957,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591280988
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(or rather, <em>can</em> it loop in the cargo team?)</p>",
        "id": 199754973,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591280997
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bweekly.20meeting.5D.202020-06-04.20.2354818/near/199754874\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>so maybe even just opening a tracking issue with follow-up tasks?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I would expect a tracking issue , presuming it starts off as unstable</p>",
        "id": 199755034,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591281011
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay</p>",
        "id": 199755068,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591281024
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>do we have a checklist for \"so you want to add a new option\"</p>",
        "id": 199755086,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591281032
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I remember I started making one</p>",
        "id": 199755090,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591281035
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>not sure if I put it in forge</p>",
        "id": 199755100,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591281040
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if not, let's write one and put it in forge so we can just point at that</p>",
        "id": 199755108,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591281048
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess we'll request an MCP. Can someone take point on this?</p>",
        "id": 199755142,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591281067
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'll do it</p>",
        "id": 199755177,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591281088
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay. I'll assign to you</p>",
        "id": 199755190,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591281095
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>No <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aopen+label%3AS-waiting-on-team+label%3Alibs-impl\">libs-impl S-waiting-on-team</a>.</p>",
        "id": 199755279,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591281125
    },
    {
        "content": "<h2>Issues of Note</h2>\n<h3>Short Summary</h3>\n<ul>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3AT-compiler+label%3AP-critical+\">4 P-critical issues</a><ul>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3AT-compiler+label%3AP-critical+no%3Aassignee\">0 of those are unassigned</a></li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3AT-compiler+label%3AP-high+\">37 P-high issues</a><ul>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3AT-compiler+label%3AP-high+no%3Aassignee\">16 of those are unassigned</a></li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/labels/regression-from-stable-to-beta\">3 P-medium regression-from-stable-to-beta</a><ul>\n<li>All of them are unassigned.</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/labels/regression-from-stable-to-nightly\">2 P-critical, 4 P-medium, 1 P-low regression-from-stable-to-nightly</a><ul>\n<li>Only the P-criticals are assigned.</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/labels/regression-from-stable-to-stable\">71 regression-from-stable-to-stable</a><ul>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?q=is%3Aopen+label%3Aregression-from-stable-to-stable+-label%3AP-critical+-label%3AP-high+-label%3AP-medium+-label%3AP-low\">17 of those are not prioritized</a>.</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>\n<p>There is one less <code>P-critical</code> issues and 3 less <code>P-high</code> issues in comparison with last week.</p>",
        "id": 199755301,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591281134
    },
    {
        "content": "<h3>P-critical</h3>",
        "id": 199755374,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591281160
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>\"Unsoundness due to variance of trait objects WRT associated types\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/71550\">#71550</a><ul>\n<li>This issue is assigned to @<strong>spastorino</strong> and has an <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/71896\">PR open</a>.</li>\n<li>Crater run from the fix suggested 16 non-spurious regressions.</li>\n<li>Niko suspects we should land the PR, at the start of a release cycle.</li>\n<li>We are starting a new cycle, so should we merge?.</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 199755389,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591281171
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think it is indeed time to land PR <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/71896\">#71896</a></p>",
        "id": 199755442,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591281195
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>about this one and the next <code>P-critical</code> if we merge the PR those are gone</p>",
        "id": 199755455,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591281200
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> should we merge now?</p>",
        "id": 199755484,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591281209
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I believe so</p>",
        "id": 199755560,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591281241
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>\"Trait object with non-static lifetime is accepted where static lifetime is expected and required\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/72315\">#72315</a><ul>\n<li>This issue is related to the previous one, and fixed by the same <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/71896\">PR</a>.</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 199755623,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591281246
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The only question in my mind is whether we should do any more outreach to affected crates</p>",
        "id": 199755651,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591281258
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think we should land the PR in any case and maybe we can ping the authors or prepare PRs, whichever</p>",
        "id": 199755711,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591281276
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>at least one crate author reached out anyhow</p>",
        "id": 199755731,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591281286
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah <span aria-label=\"+1\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44d\" role=\"img\" title=\"+1\">:+1:</span></p>",
        "id": 199755818,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591281320
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay then, moving on</p>",
        "id": 199755860,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591281337
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>in any case, we should keep on eye on the affected crates</p>",
        "id": 199755900,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591281347
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>\"LLVM error: \"Instruction does not dominate all uses!\" on Windows\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/72470\">#72470</a><ul>\n<li>Assigned to <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span></li>\n<li>It is also a regression<br>\n    - supposedly injected by <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/71840\">PR #71840</a></li>\n<li>Rejects valid code.</li>\n<li>It's windows only.</li>\n<li>This seems to indicate incorrect MIR being generated.</li>\n<li>We've decided to revert.</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 199755914,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591281352
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bweekly.20meeting.5D.202020-06-04.20.2354818/near/199755900\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>in any case, we should keep on eye on the affected crates</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>or provide a solution to them</p>",
        "id": 199755926,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591281358
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I didn't follow through on reverting PR <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/71840\">#71840</a> yet</p>",
        "id": 199755977,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591281363
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116122\">@simulacrum</span> , has the next beta been cut yet?</p>",
        "id": 199756008,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591281373
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes</p>",
        "id": 199756025,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1591281380
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>all cuts have happened</p>",
        "id": 199756036,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1591281385
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay. So I'll need to make a backport of the revert</p>",
        "id": 199756057,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591281394
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that's fine, it was my fault for letting this slide too long</p>",
        "id": 199756081,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591281404
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>moving on</p>",
        "id": 199756119,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591281418
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>\"ICE when structurally matching a struct containing an associated type on latest Nightly.\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/72896\">#72896</a><ul>\n<li>Detected one day after the nightly release</li>\n<li>Breaks valid code</li>\n<li>Assigned to <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"216206\">@lcnr</span></li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 199756143,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591281427
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>this has a PR that will close it</p>",
        "id": 199756194,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591281450
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>fixed by <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/72897\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/72897</a></p>",
        "id": 199756200,
        "sender_full_name": "lcnr",
        "timestamp": 1591281453
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>speaking of things that have PR's</p>",
        "id": 199756217,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591281458
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"2403\">@WG-prioritization</span> was discussing whether we should add an explicit label like \"has-pr\"</p>",
        "id": 199756248,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591281474
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so that you'd see, e.g. in the github metadata in issue list pages, which issues have been explicitly noted as having a PR to fix them</p>",
        "id": 199756326,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591281502
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I feel like GH shows this</p>",
        "id": 199756407,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591281534
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but maybe it's a bit harder to see</p>",
        "id": 199756414,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591281537
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>right now, you need to scroll through the comment thread to find the link to an associated PR, hopefully with the text \"xxx linked a pull request that will close this issue 3 days ago \"</p>",
        "id": 199756446,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591281549
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm not sure if a like a lot the idea although I see that it fixes some use cases but what I will do for sure is add some meta data in our listings</p>",
        "id": 199756455,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591281552
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>its in the comment thread, but is it in the metadata you see from other points, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> ?</p>",
        "id": 199756472,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591281564
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>when you click on the issue at least</p>",
        "id": 199756487,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591281573
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>namely <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/</a></p>",
        "id": 199756494,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591281575
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>there are some notes at the top I believe</p>",
        "id": 199756495,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591281576
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><em>that's</em> the place I want to see it</p>",
        "id": 199756507,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591281580
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but maybe not in the issue listing before you click</p>",
        "id": 199756510,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591281581
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ah you are right, there is the \"may be fixed by #nnnnnn\"</p>",
        "id": 199756556,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591281601
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>at the top. I think that's relatively new</p>",
        "id": 199756600,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591281608
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but its not in the issue list</p>",
        "id": 199756620,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591281615
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>hmm</p>",
        "id": 199756633,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591281623
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>What do you mean by \"not in the issue list\"?</p>",
        "id": 199756637,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1591281626
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"/user_uploads/4715/0nvam9Cyzn1IJkO-VWGFgSHE/image.png\">image.png</a></p>\n<div class=\"message_inline_image\"><a href=\"/user_uploads/4715/0nvam9Cyzn1IJkO-VWGFgSHE/image.png\" title=\"image.png\"><img src=\"/user_uploads/4715/0nvam9Cyzn1IJkO-VWGFgSHE/image.png\"></a></div>",
        "id": 199756639,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591281626
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bweekly.20meeting.5D.202020-06-04.20.2354818/near/199756455\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I'm not sure if a like a lot the idea although I see that it fixes some use cases but what I will do for sure is add some meta data in our listings</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>by this I meant, going to add some text in out automation</p>",
        "id": 199756643,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591281628
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"125250\">@Wesley Wiser</span> here is an issue list: <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/</a></p>",
        "id": 199756665,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591281644
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"/user_uploads/4715/fTZAlDeAE-CL0TTi5_EfKGcF/image.png\">image.png</a></p>\n<div class=\"message_inline_image\"><a href=\"/user_uploads/4715/fTZAlDeAE-CL0TTi5_EfKGcF/image.png\" title=\"image.png\"><img src=\"/user_uploads/4715/fTZAlDeAE-CL0TTi5_EfKGcF/image.png\"></a></div>",
        "id": 199756672,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1591281647
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it shows issues, and it includes tags</p>",
        "id": 199756677,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591281651
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"125250\">Wesley Wiser</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bweekly.20meeting.5D.202020-06-04.20.2354818/near/199756672\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><a href=\"/user_uploads/4715/fTZAlDeAE-CL0TTi5_EfKGcF/image.png\">image.png</a></p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>that means that there's a PR that closes the issue?</p>",
        "id": 199756718,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591281680
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>those are linked pull requests ... does that include mentions?</p>",
        "id": 199756736,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591281689
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"/user_uploads/4715/AY-Czx1UjF6Cz1SJgfcVLq0k/image.png\">image.png</a></p>\n<div class=\"message_inline_image\"><a href=\"/user_uploads/4715/AY-Czx1UjF6Cz1SJgfcVLq0k/image.png\" title=\"image.png\"><img src=\"/user_uploads/4715/AY-Czx1UjF6Cz1SJgfcVLq0k/image.png\"></a></div>",
        "id": 199756737,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591281691
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It means there's a \"linked\" PR that may close the issue</p>",
        "id": 199756746,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1591281694
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span> like that?</p>",
        "id": 199756753,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591281701
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or does it solely include the PR's that say \"fix Foo\" ?</p>",
        "id": 199756759,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591281705
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the phrasing \"linked PR's\" worries me a little</p>",
        "id": 199756783,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591281718
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>in terms of whether it may overcount</p>",
        "id": 199756823,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591281723
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I believe it's just \"fixes or closes #foo\"</p>",
        "id": 199756825,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1591281723
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but okay, its better than what It thought was there</p>",
        "id": 199756840,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591281738
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh I see <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"125250\">Wesley Wiser</span> beat me :)</p>",
        "id": 199756848,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591281741
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Okay then, I'll stop promoting a \"has-pr\" <del>tag</del> label then</p>",
        "id": 199756866,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591281753
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm not 100% sure but I can't find any counter examples in our issue list.</p>\n<p>EDIT: The GH blog announcing this feature has additional details. For our purposes, it sounds like it works exactly the way we want: <a href=\"https://github.blog/2020-02-06-get-more-information-at-a-glance-with-issue-and-pull-request-linking/\">https://github.blog/2020-02-06-get-more-information-at-a-glance-with-issue-and-pull-request-linking/</a></p>",
        "id": 199756919,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1591281792
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay then</p>",
        "id": 199756948,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591281808
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>lets move along</p>",
        "id": 199756955,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591281811
    },
    {
        "content": "<h3>Unassigned P-high regressions</h3>\n<p>There are no unassigned P-high regressions.</p>",
        "id": 199756967,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591281817
    },
    {
        "content": "<h2>Performance logs</h2>\n<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rustc-perf/tree/master/triage#triage-logs\">Triage done by njn</a></p>\n<p>Regressions</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Nothing of note!</li>\n</ul>\n<p>Improvements</p>\n<ul>\n<li>\n<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/71996\">perf: Revert accidental inclusion of a part of #69218</a><br>\n  (<a href=\"https://perf.rust-lang.org/compare.html?start=2873165725c15e96dae521a412065c144d9c7a25&amp;end=664fcd3f046e2a6824602da0fad81e3e2bb0d409&amp;stat=instructions:u\">instructions</a>)</p>\n</li>\n<li>\n<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/72494\">Pass more <code>Copy</code> types by value.</a><br>\n  (<a href=\"https://perf.rust-lang.org/compare.html?start=664fcd3f046e2a6824602da0fad81e3e2bb0d409&amp;end=45127211566c53bac386b66909a830649182ab7a&amp;stat=instructions:u\">instructions</a>):<br>\n  This fixes part of the regression from<br>\n<a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/72055\">#72055</a> from last week.</p>\n</li>\n<li>\n<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/72778\">Rollup of 9 pull requests</a><br>\n  (<a href=\"https://perf.rust-lang.org/compare.html?start=91fb72a8a9f53de2bcc5638c1358fcb552dba8ce&amp;end=74e80468347471779be6060d8d7d6d04e98e467f&amp;stat=instructions:u\">instructions</a>)</p>\n</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 199756975,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591281825
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"/user_uploads/4715/Kk98XPD_y2KLwkYX5b-dHnMe/image.png\">image.png</a></p>\n<div class=\"message_inline_image\"><a href=\"/user_uploads/4715/Kk98XPD_y2KLwkYX5b-dHnMe/image.png\" title=\"image.png\"><img src=\"/user_uploads/4715/Kk98XPD_y2KLwkYX5b-dHnMe/image.png\"></a></div>",
        "id": 199757124,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591281878
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>counter example, <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/16514\">#16514</a></p>",
        "id": 199757138,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591281887
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"2403\">@WG-prioritization</span> it might be good to link directly to the triage comments from this summary. E.g. in the Rollup PR, it would be good to link to <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/72778#issuecomment-637183801\">nnethercote's comment here</a></p>",
        "id": 199757205,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591281920
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>not sure what you meant, the summary is just a copy and paste of what <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"120989\">Nicholas Nethercote</span> has done, but we can discuss this on <a class=\"stream\" data-stream-id=\"227806\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization\">#t-compiler/wg-prioritization</a>, to avoid noise here I guess</p>",
        "id": 199757434,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591282005
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm just sayign that the summary as given</p>",
        "id": 199757470,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591282016
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>its still hard to find the performance triage results</p>",
        "id": 199757512,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591282029
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>like, it links to the identified PR's, and maybe that suffices since the triage comment will tend to be at the end of the PR</p>",
        "id": 199757587,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591282055
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but it wasn't obvious to me where I should be looking to find out what the supposed perf wins are</p>",
        "id": 199757624,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591282074
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway I don't think there's anything we need to discuss regarding performance for now</p>",
        "id": 199757763,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591282110
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay, 12 minutes left and now getting to nominated issues ...</p>",
        "id": 199757796,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591282133
    },
    {
        "content": "<h2>Nominated Issues</h2>\n<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?q=is%3Aopen+label%3AI-nominated+label%3AT-compiler\">T-compiler I-nominated</a></p>",
        "id": 199757811,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591282139
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>\"tag/niche terminology cleanup\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/72497\">#72497</a><ul>\n<li>Nominated to determine if this is the terminology we want to use.</li>\n<li>Assigned to <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"119009\">@eddyb</span></li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 199757830,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591282145
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>there's a zulip topic about this somewhere that <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"120791\">@RalfJ</span> was asking how to make progress here</p>",
        "id": 199757930,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591282197
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/Tag.2Fniche.20terminology.20cleanup.20%28.2372497%29/near/199375861\">https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/Tag.2Fniche.20terminology.20cleanup.20%28.2372497%29/near/199375861</a></p>",
        "id": 199758027,
        "sender_full_name": "oli",
        "timestamp": 1591282221
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>My attitude is that the proposed change seems like a good thing, and something I think the team already had agreed upon.</p>",
        "id": 199758168,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591282281
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I haven't seen that topic, but the gist of this is making \"tag\" be able to mean \"niche\" as well</p>",
        "id": 199758187,
        "sender_full_name": "eddyb",
        "timestamp": 1591282291
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>as opposed to only an integer containing the same values as the \"discriminant\"</p>",
        "id": 199758224,
        "sender_full_name": "eddyb",
        "timestamp": 1591282313
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>right, and the way you distinguish between niche and non-niche is by talking about the \"tag encoding\"</p>",
        "id": 199758317,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591282338
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>right?</p>",
        "id": 199758321,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591282340
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah</p>",
        "id": 199758352,
        "sender_full_name": "eddyb",
        "timestamp": 1591282352
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway this is everyone's chance to object</p>",
        "id": 199758402,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591282378
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>If you do object, please speak up on the PR</p>",
        "id": 199758423,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591282389
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It seems this improves our terminology over the status quo even if it isn't 100% perfect so <span aria-label=\"+1\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44d\" role=\"img\" title=\"+1\">:+1:</span>  from me.</p>",
        "id": 199758458,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1591282402
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>next up</p>",
        "id": 199758475,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591282410
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>\"Don't emit structure padding members if no padding is required.\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/72541\">#72541</a><ul>\n<li>Nominated to determine if this is a patch we want to take. <br>\n    - <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"119009\">@eddyb</span> writes: \"I don't think supporting SPIR-V is a plausible goal for the Rust LLVM backend, given all the limitations I've heard about. It would require a lot of transformation of anything involving memory IIRC.\"</li>\n<li>Assigned to <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"119009\">@eddyb</span></li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 199758477,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591282411
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we already discussed this PR above</p>",
        "id": 199758486,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591282419
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and then</p>",
        "id": 199758508,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591282432
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>\"Implement <code>--extern-location</code>\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/72603\">#72603</a><ul>\n<li>Nominated:<br>\n    - to determine what process should we follow with this. MCP/RFC?<br>\n    - for visbility on the feature and to elicit review feedback.</li>\n<li>Assigned to <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116118\">@Matthew Jasper</span></li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 199758509,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591282433
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>same here</p>",
        "id": 199758516,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591282435
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>\"Cycle error through variance computation when using <code>-&gt; _</code>.\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/72730\">#72730</a><br>\n    - (This is an issue)<br>\n    - <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"119009\">@eddyb</span> nominated \"for discussion (on the topic of variance of \"function item\" types).\"</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 199758571,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591282446
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I left a comment at the end with my memory here</p>",
        "id": 199758758,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591282532
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>In particular, the current setup (iiuc) is that if you have a function like</p>\n<div class=\"codehilite\"><pre><span></span><code><span class=\"k\">fn</span> <span class=\"nf\">foo</span><span class=\"o\">&lt;</span><span class=\"n\">T</span><span class=\"o\">&gt;</span><span class=\"p\">(</span><span class=\"n\">t</span>: <span class=\"nc\">T</span><span class=\"p\">)</span><span class=\"w\"></span>\n</code></pre></div>\n\n\n<p>then the corresponding <code>FnDef</code> type is covariant w/r/t <code>T</code></p>",
        "id": 199758919,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591282574
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>this is inferred from the signature</p>",
        "id": 199758941,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591282580
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think this was done because it reduced errors (and it .. kind of makes sense)</p>",
        "id": 199758986,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591282599
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>But I guess it's inducing a cycle ?</p>",
        "id": 199759021,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591282612
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We could make them invariant but I think that's going to break some code, maybe? Maybe not.</p>",
        "id": 199759082,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591282629
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>note that this is only when writing <code>-&gt; _</code>, or <code>-&gt; Vec&lt;_&gt;</code>, that sort of thing, with a literal <code>_</code></p>",
        "id": 199759232,
        "sender_full_name": "eddyb",
        "timestamp": 1591282676
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the cycle, you mean?</p>",
        "id": 199759296,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591282686
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>right. otherwise the assumption that <code>fn_sig</code> is \"cycle-free\" should hold</p>",
        "id": 199759321,
        "sender_full_name": "eddyb",
        "timestamp": 1591282697
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I wasn't even aware you could write that, tbh :)</p>",
        "id": 199759349,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591282707
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it always errors, telling you the inferred type</p>",
        "id": 199759372,
        "sender_full_name": "eddyb",
        "timestamp": 1591282719
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah ok</p>",
        "id": 199759387,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591282724
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I can see why it'd be useful, I usually just do <code>-&gt; ()</code> for that ...</p>",
        "id": 199759409,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591282732
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it also lets callers use the inferred type</p>",
        "id": 199759451,
        "sender_full_name": "eddyb",
        "timestamp": 1591282755
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think this doesn't need team discussion</p>",
        "id": 199759453,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591282756
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway I don't know if I can spend time right now trying out the variance thing</p>",
        "id": 199759502,
        "sender_full_name": "eddyb",
        "timestamp": 1591282772
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or at least</p>",
        "id": 199759504,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591282773
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it doesn't need team discussion <em>yet</em></p>",
        "id": 199759523,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591282779
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>until we have a concrete proposal we're trying o evaluate?</p>",
        "id": 199759537,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591282788
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but ah, if <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"119009\">@eddyb</span> does not have time to investigate</p>",
        "id": 199759557,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591282798
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>then maybe we need to reassign?</p>",
        "id": 199759610,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591282804
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well it doesn't seem like a very burning issue</p>",
        "id": 199759635,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591282813
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah I was gonna say this is very low priority</p>",
        "id": 199759650,
        "sender_full_name": "eddyb",
        "timestamp": 1591282824
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>someone hit this accidentally and they happened to ping me</p>",
        "id": 199759666,
        "sender_full_name": "eddyb",
        "timestamp": 1591282834
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay</p>",
        "id": 199759678,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591282841
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>took us ages to even see the <code>_</code></p>",
        "id": 199759681,
        "sender_full_name": "eddyb",
        "timestamp": 1591282843
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?q=is%3Aopen+label%3AI-nominated+label%3Alibs-impl\">libs-impl I-nominated</a></p>\n<ul>\n<li>\"<code>nth_back()</code> for <code>Zip</code> returns wrong values\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/68536\">#68536</a><ul>\n<li>Nominated to determine how can we fix this problem and to raise awareness of it.</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 199759701,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591282853
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>do we know if this is a regression?</p>",
        "id": 199759781,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591282895
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(it certainly seems like a bug; just curious about whether it was injected recently or not)</p>",
        "id": 199759804,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591282907
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it looks like there is a discussion on Feb 8 diagnosing the problem</p>",
        "id": 199759938,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591282945
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway we are out of time; I'm going to leave it nominated.</p>",
        "id": 199759942,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591282947
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so if it's a regression it's pretty old</p>",
        "id": 199759962,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591282954
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>true</p>",
        "id": 199759984,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591282965
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we don't know if it's a regression but if it is , is stable to stable ... right what Niko have said</p>",
        "id": 199759986,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591282965
    },
    {
        "content": "<h2>WG checkins</h2>",
        "id": 199760031,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591282983
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"1095\">@T-compiler/WG-meta</span> checkin by <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> and @<strong>spastorino</strong>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<ul>\n<li>Merged the MCP RFC</li>\n<li>Proposed meeting and elaborated some on the idea of \"areas\" of the compiler</li>\n<li>Renamed ICE Breaker groups to notify groups</li>\n<li>Working on creating a Windows notification group -- will likely pull the trigger soon</li>\n</ul>\n</blockquote>",
        "id": 199760052,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591282989
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh that reminds me</p>",
        "id": 199760087,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591283009
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm creating a WG for incr-comp</p>",
        "id": 199760116,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591283021
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>see <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/299\">compiler-team#299</a></p>",
        "id": 199760245,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591283056
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>One thing I want to note is that</p>",
        "id": 199760258,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591283063
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(and if you're interested in joining, send me a PM)</p>",
        "id": 199760262,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591283066
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I would like to eventually have  notify groups for all the targets, not just windows</p>",
        "id": 199760280,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591283076
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if people have suggestions for a good ordering though let me know</p>",
        "id": 199760314,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591283093
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I thought ARM was an obvious candidate</p>",
        "id": 199760327,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591283098
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and we could even have for all the areas of the compiler too :)</p>",
        "id": 199760344,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591283103
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>with the rename of ICE-breaker group to notify groups</p>",
        "id": 199760362,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591283108
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes, eventually</p>",
        "id": 199760366,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591283110
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>has syntax for notifying them changed? I assume it has</p>",
        "id": 199760381,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591283118
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>not really, you still write <code>@rustbot ping foo</code>, but we should make <code>@rustbot notify foo</code> an alias...</p>",
        "id": 199760416,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591283139
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we haven't land anything yet and I don't think we have cooked a PR for that</p>",
        "id": 199760419,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591283141
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>hmm this is still here: <a href=\"https://rustc-dev-guide.rust-lang.org/ice-breaker/about.html\">https://rustc-dev-guide.rust-lang.org/ice-breaker/about.html</a></p>",
        "id": 199760431,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591283148
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bweekly.20meeting.5D.202020-06-04.20.2354818/near/199760416\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>not really, you still write <code>@rustbot ping foo</code>, but we should make <code>@rustbot notify foo</code> an alias...</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p><span aria-label=\"+1\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44d\" role=\"img\" title=\"+1\">:+1:</span></p>",
        "id": 199760434,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591283149
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh okay</p>",
        "id": 199760439,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591283150
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>somehow \"ping group\" sounded a little silly ;)</p>",
        "id": 199760512,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591283166
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so ... its not renaming the icebreaker part, but rather the \"ping\" changes to \"notify\" ?</p>",
        "id": 199760526,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591283171
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>/me is confused</p>",
        "id": 199760533,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591283178
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we didn't ladn the change to rustc-dev-guide yet I don't think</p>",
        "id": 199760548,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591283185
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think <code>foo</code> could have <code>ICE Breaker something</code> on the name, don't remember but still nobody uses the full name and aliases should work</p>",
        "id": 199760553,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591283188
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay I guess I'll wait and see what happens</p>",
        "id": 199760575,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591283198
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"1162\">@WG-mir-opt</span> checkin by <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"124288\">@oli</span>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<h2>Major things</h2>\n<ul>\n<li>\"dumb\" NRVO optimization <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/72205\">#72205</a></li>\n<li>Const prop now works on user variables <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/71518\">#71518</a> </li>\n<li>Thread local storage accesses are now a dedicated runtime operation (mir rvalue) <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/71192\">#71192</a></li>\n<li>Unused reads of discriminants are now removed, just like unused normal reads <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/70595\">#70595</a> </li>\n<li>SimplifyLocals optimization is now run repeatedly to a fixed point <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/70755\">#70755</a></li>\n<li>All mir-opt tests are now <code>--bless</code>able <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/70721\">#70721</a></li>\n<li>Fearlessly optimize away constants <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/70820\">#70820</a></li>\n<li>mir-opt-level 0 doesn't run optional optimizations anymore <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/70073\">#70073</a></li>\n<li>MIR drop generation at MIR building time reworked into a structured scheme instead of ad-hoc generation <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/71840\">#71840</a></li>\n<li><code>Operand::Copy</code> of <code>&amp;mut T</code> is unsound <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/72093\"><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/72093\"><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/72093\">#72093</a></a></a> <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/72820\"><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/72820\"><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/72820\">#72820</a></a></a><ul>\n<li>We now have a dedicated MIR validation pass that checks whether the result of your optimizations upholds a bunch of invariants. Please encode all  invariants you can think of in this pass in addition to documentation.</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>\n<h2>Interesting snippets</h2>\n<ul>\n<li>MIR can have multiple <code>return</code> terminators and everything is fine <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/72563\">#72563</a></li>\n<li>Make mir dumps less noisy <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/71200\">#71200</a></li>\n<li>More aggressively const prop aggregates, mutable variables and field accesses <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/72135\">#72135</a> <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/71953\">#71953</a></li>\n<li>The <code>return</code> terminator is now treated as a read from <code>_0</code> (the return place)  <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/72048\">#72048</a></li>\n<li>SimplifyArmIdentity can now run on mir-opt-level 1 <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/69756\">#69756</a></li>\n</ul>\n</blockquote>",
        "id": 199760606,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591283213
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and with that, the meeting is over. Thanks to everyone in <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"897\">@T-compiler/meeting</span> for attending!  be well and stay safe everyone! <span aria-label=\"mask\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f637\" role=\"img\" title=\"mask\">:mask:</span></p>",
        "id": 199760751,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591283270
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>woah there's a lot in there</p>",
        "id": 199760766,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591283273
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yea... ppl have been busy XD</p>",
        "id": 199760828,
        "sender_full_name": "oli",
        "timestamp": 1591283285
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and some more stuff is in the pipeline</p>",
        "id": 199760862,
        "sender_full_name": "oli",
        "timestamp": 1591283302
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>clearly the solution for mir-opt is for me to not be around :P</p>",
        "id": 199761059,
        "sender_full_name": "eddyb",
        "timestamp": 1591283386
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>That's definitely not true <span aria-label=\"slight smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f642\" role=\"img\" title=\"slight smile\">:slight_smile:</span></p>",
        "id": 199761205,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1591283436
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>what I mean is that I look away for a few weeks and this all happens, it's great :D</p>",
        "id": 199761237,
        "sender_full_name": "eddyb",
        "timestamp": 1591283455
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Also, <em>nudge nudge</em> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/189540-t-compiler.2Fwg-mir-opt/topic/VarDebugInfo.20using.20constants.20instead.20of.20locals/near/199613497\">https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/189540-t-compiler.2Fwg-mir-opt/topic/VarDebugInfo.20using.20constants.20instead.20of.20locals/near/199613497</a></p>",
        "id": 199761301,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1591283481
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Some brief feedback would be hugely appreciated!</p>",
        "id": 199761326,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1591283494
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Question: why don't we do WG checkins at the beginning with the announcements? It seems like they don't take much time, but sometimes they get skipped by running out of time, like last week</p>",
        "id": 199773571,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1591288255
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"198054\">@mark-i-m</span> <span aria-label=\"+1\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44d\" role=\"img\" title=\"+1\">:+1:</span>, I think it's a good idea</p>",
        "id": 199774425,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591288654
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>let's see what <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span> prefers but if we prefer that kind of layout I can change the agenda template</p>",
        "id": 199774512,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591288689
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess my only misgiving is that I think the highest priority things should come first in the agenda</p>",
        "id": 199788775,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591295228
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(with the exception of \"announcements\", which are often not high priority at all, but more that it just makes sense to me to put those at the very beginning to get people excited about stuff that's happening.)</p>",
        "id": 199788854,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591295275
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but if we can be really good about limiting discussion of the WG checkin material to at most say 10 minutes then it should be fine to put it first I think... sort of analogous to announcements, its nice to have them there to get people excited about everything that's going on</p>",
        "id": 199788992,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591295339
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>say 10 minutes </p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I would imagine it's much less than that... in fact, there's never really been more than 5 comments when I've done the WG-rustc-dev-guide checkin</p>",
        "id": 199791520,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1591296533
    }
]