[
    {
        "content": "<p>Hey <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"897\">@T-compiler/meeting</span> -- planning meeting!</p>",
        "id": 199880022,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591365687
    },
    {
        "content": "<h1>Announcements</h1>",
        "id": 199880261,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591365775
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>Hmm I see we need to add some notes/minutes from <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Ameeting-proposal+label%3Ameeting-scheduled\">a number of prior meetings</a></li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 199880468,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591365849
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>But apart from that we have a pretty <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Ameeting-proposal+-label%3Ameeting-scheduled\">minimal list</a> this time around</p>",
        "id": 199880611,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591365920
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>shall we track whose doing which by assigning those meeting proposal issues?</p>",
        "id": 199880641,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591365932
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'l take <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/267\">compiler-team#267</a></p>",
        "id": 199880669,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591365941
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>OK, I'll do <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/287\">#287</a></p>",
        "id": 199880755,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591365966
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Two other meetings that need some notes/minutes:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>survey overview and discussion <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/290\">compiler-team#290</a></li>\n<li>CGU partitioning <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/281\">compiler-team#281</a></li>\n</ul>\n<p>note that I think it's just fine to push something minimal with the write-up and links to the zulip-archive, though it's always nice to extract a bit more out ... any conclusions, major points in the discussion, etc</p>",
        "id": 199880977,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591366048
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm happy to do the write up for the CGU meeting</p>",
        "id": 199881046,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1591366073
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>In terms of the proposed meetings, we have:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Areas of the compiler meeting <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/288\">compiler-team#288</a></li>\n<li>merge llvm.sideeffect change <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/177\">compiler-team#177</a></li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 199881143,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591366103
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>One question is -- should we close <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/177\">compiler-team#177</a>?</p>",
        "id": 199881179,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591366119
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Like, we don't seem that eager to have a <em>meeting</em> about it</p>",
        "id": 199881193,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591366127
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>hm yeah, I think so</p>",
        "id": 199881240,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1591366148
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It seems like we're at a bit of a stalemate, there were some ideas to chip away at the problem (which I support) by looking for <code>loop { }</code></p>",
        "id": 199881249,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591366151
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>not sure there's more to say at this juncture though</p>",
        "id": 199881267,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591366161
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>when it does go in I think at this point I'd prefer a MCP for changes in that area</p>",
        "id": 199881268,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1591366161
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(or just a PR perhaps)</p>",
        "id": 199881301,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1591366171
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>depends I guess on the scope of the change but yes that makes sense</p>",
        "id": 199881321,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591366180
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>was there an open todo item for <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/177\">compiler-team#177</a> ?</p>",
        "id": 199881362,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591366196
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>our last comment was that we were going to write a blog post</p>",
        "id": 199881457,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591366218
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>which <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116122\">@simulacrum</span> did</p>",
        "id": 199881473,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591366223
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and that we were going to have some comments on an internals thread</p>",
        "id": 199881490,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591366230
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>which was done</p>",
        "id": 199881491,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591366232
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(do we have a tracking issue for this btw?)</p>",
        "id": 199881502,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591366236
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>hm I think so</p>",
        "id": 199881513,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1591366245
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(it'd be nice to compile links to all these things and ideas for future reference)</p>",
        "id": 199881537,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591366255
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/28728\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/28728</a></p>",
        "id": 199881575,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1591366271
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>side note that I feel like having this meeting proposal and revisiting it periodically has sort of served a \"keep talking about this long-standing issue\" function, it's kind of a gap in our current set of meetings :) I'm not sure <em>this</em> is precisely the issue I would choose to use that mechanism for in general though.</p>",
        "id": 199881664,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591366309
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so maybe we can update that tracking issue with links and notes and close the meeting proposal</p>",
        "id": 199881733,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591366326
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it <em>is</em> getting the reduced frequency effect</p>",
        "id": 199881739,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591366329
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i.e. i've talked about having ways to say \"visit this topic every month instead of every week\"</p>",
        "id": 199881767,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591366343
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and this is basically doing that.</p>",
        "id": 199881784,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591366349
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>right</p>",
        "id": 199881799,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591366355
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(having the meeting proposal just sitting there)</p>",
        "id": 199881809,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591366360
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm just sort of observing that it's useful and I could imagine it being useful for other things</p>",
        "id": 199881819,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591366363
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe to some extent in place of the periodic WG check-ins</p>",
        "id": 199881843,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591366373
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or in addition to</p>",
        "id": 199881848,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591366376
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but as you say, it also would be better to encode that in other ways than a meeting proposal for a meeting that's never going to happen</p>",
        "id": 199881891,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591366394
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i.e., a focus more on the <em>goals</em> that the team (via project groups etc) are supposed to be achieving</p>",
        "id": 199881898,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591366398
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah, it does seem perhaps useful. certainly there's a chance it'll spark someone's interest to go implement minimal set (e.g. loop {} only or so)</p>",
        "id": 199881899,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1591366399
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or on long-standing issues</p>",
        "id": 199881934,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591366411
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we could perhaps have something like the lang team \"bucket of ideas\" that's been talked about?</p>",
        "id": 199881954,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1591366421
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that's an interesting question: Should we have a \"long standing soundness bugs\" wg?</p>",
        "id": 199881981,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591366431
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>no</p>",
        "id": 199882003,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591366440
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess that could just generalize to \"long standing bugs\"</p>",
        "id": 199882045,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591366443
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>because we don't ahve the abndwidth for the ones we hvae :)</p>",
        "id": 199882047,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591366445
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>true that</p>",
        "id": 199882056,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591366449
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway that .. kind of .. segues into the next meeting proposal</p>",
        "id": 199882100,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591366467
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(to be less flippant, maybe yes, if we had the right folks interested in it)</p>",
        "id": 199882136,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591366480
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I am not sure it's the right way to organize things</p>",
        "id": 199882153,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591366488
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(vs say issues in an area, and not just \"all soundness issues\")</p>",
        "id": 199882213,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591366509
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah its probably better for it to be something we talk about across the team, but just infrequently for each particular bug</p>",
        "id": 199882219,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591366512
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or per-area, as you say</p>",
        "id": 199882241,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591366521
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway</p>",
        "id": 199882256,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591366526
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so there is one meeting proposal then</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Areas of the compiler Meeting <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/288\">compiler-team#288</a></li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 199882298,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591366545
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we are sort of planning to try and \"prototype\" via the windows notify group</p>",
        "id": 199882316,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591366554
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>though we've not \"pulled the trigger\" on that yet</p>",
        "id": 199882349,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591366562
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116266\">@Santiago Pastorino</span> and I did all the work basically just have to go and merge PRs</p>",
        "id": 199882406,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591366575
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I do think this is still something worth talking about</p>",
        "id": 199882431,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591366587
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Though I wonder just what would be the best <em>focus</em> for the meeting</p>",
        "id": 199882553,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591366644
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess probably feedback on the general concept and how to organize it</p>",
        "id": 199882638,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591366679
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>\"plumbing\" is an interesting area</p>",
        "id": 199882765,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591366726
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway curious to hear what others think; another option would be to delay till next round (July, in other words)</p>",
        "id": 199882768,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591366726
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/planning.20meeting.202020.2E06.2E05/near/199882638\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I guess probably feedback on the general concept and how to organize it</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>yeah probably something like that is a good way to start</p>",
        "id": 199882807,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591366747
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm trying to decide if \"plumbing\" is too broad; is it acting as a catch-all? I guess we really <em>should</em> have people thinking about these deep bits of infrastructure</p>",
        "id": 199882897,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591366793
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/planning.20meeting.202020.2E06.2E05/near/199882768\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>anyway curious to hear what others think; another option would be to delay till next round (July, in other words)</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>this can also wait for sure, I may not know how our process works here but if we delay this, what our meetings are gonna be about? I meant, given the lack right now of other proposals</p>",
        "id": 199883121,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591366872
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>trying to understand how this really works :), I guess I'm missing something</p>",
        "id": 199883148,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591366883
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Also, can we take a moment to identify the main differences between \"areas\" (or \"teams for an area\") and \"working groups\"?</p>",
        "id": 199883169,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591366891
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><del>Should \"plumbing\" really just be \"the query system\"?</del></p>",
        "id": 199883171,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1591366892
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/planning.20meeting.202020.2E06.2E05/near/199882897\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I'm trying to decide if \"plumbing\" is too broad; is it acting as a catch-all? I guess we really <em>should</em> have people thinking about these deep bits of infrastructure</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I think this is a bit in the weeds for the moment</p>",
        "id": 199883173,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591366892
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but might be a good question to discuss in the meeting</p>",
        "id": 199883198,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591366902
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/planning.20meeting.202020.2E06.2E05/near/199883169\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Also, can we take a moment to identify the main differences between \"areas\" (or \"teams for an area\") and \"working groups\"?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I think areas replace working groups</p>",
        "id": 199883294,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591366931
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>e.g. I think part of intent is that working-groups should have 1. specific goals, 2. regular meetings, and 3. checkins at T-compiler meeting. Areas have ... none of those?</p>",
        "id": 199883301,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591366933
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>areas replace <strong>all</strong> working groups?</p>",
        "id": 199883315,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591366939
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ah I misread that I think</p>",
        "id": 199883326,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591366944
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but there is a concept of <em>project groups</em></p>",
        "id": 199883339,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591366948
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I saw it said \"replace working groups that don't have specific goals\"</p>",
        "id": 199883362,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591366959
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah basically that is what I mean</p>",
        "id": 199883388,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591366971
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>like diagnostics or llvm</p>",
        "id": 199883390,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591366973
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Do you intend for all areas (or \"teams for an area\") to have regular meetings then?</p>",
        "id": 199883396,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591366976
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>no</p>",
        "id": 199883407,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591366981
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or only project groups?</p>",
        "id": 199883410,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591366981
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>neither?</p>",
        "id": 199883422,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591366985
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I mean I think meetings are something people can do</p>",
        "id": 199883431,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591366990
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if they find it useful</p>",
        "id": 199883437,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591366992
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i see</p>",
        "id": 199883456,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591366999
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So I do understand that meetings can be a burden (in terms of coordination, and synchronization, etc)</p>",
        "id": 199883627,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591367060
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but if you default to \"we don't expect meetings\", then that might imply that people are instead expected to monitor the full contents of the associated zulip stream</p>",
        "id": 199883687,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591367088
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(which, hey, maybe people were expected to do that anyway, what do I know)</p>",
        "id": 199883714,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591367102
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah maybe</p>",
        "id": 199883765,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591367122
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess I dont' want to derail the meeting with a debate over whether meetings are valuable</p>",
        "id": 199883774,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591367126
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but it does worry me</p>",
        "id": 199883804,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591367139
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think there might also just be a few leads</p>",
        "id": 199883805,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591367139
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that keep things in their heads</p>",
        "id": 199883810,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591367142
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and people check in with them</p>",
        "id": 199883818,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591367144
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or tracking issues that are updated</p>",
        "id": 199883835,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591367149
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay</p>",
        "id": 199883847,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591367153
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><del>Do areas get checked in on at the compiler triage meeting?</del></p>",
        "id": 199883856,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1591367157
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok, this is officially having the meeting now :)</p>",
        "id": 199883917,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591367165
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh right</p>",
        "id": 199883931,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591367175
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>heh</p>",
        "id": 199883937,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591367176
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Sorry, sorry, sorry! <span aria-label=\"laughing\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f606\" role=\"img\" title=\"laughing\">:laughing:</span></p>",
        "id": 199883939,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1591367177
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><em>that's</em> why you said we were getting in the weeds before</p>",
        "id": 199883952,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591367186
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>when there's only one proposal, its easy to fall into that trap</p>",
        "id": 199883986,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591367203
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>hehe, right :)</p>",
        "id": 199884004,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591367214
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay, well, I think its fair to say that people are interested in teasing this apart</p>",
        "id": 199884039,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591367232
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and figuring out how to make it work</p>",
        "id": 199884053,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591367240
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Is it too late to file a meeting request for \"survey results 2\"?</p>",
        "id": 199884071,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1591367246
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so that means, to me, that we <em>should</em> have this meeting (about \"areas of the compiler\"), at some point</p>",
        "id": 199884077,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591367248
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>since we don't seem to have a huge number of other meetings</p>",
        "id": 199884093,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1591367257
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't object to an ad hoc \"survey results 2\" proposal</p>",
        "id": 199884168,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591367285
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"125250\">@Wesley Wiser</span>  to be clear: This is about analyzing the results of the <em>second</em> survey, right? not revisiting the results from the first survey a second time?</p>",
        "id": 199884245,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591367323
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Uh no this was going to be about continuing the discussion from the compiler team survey</p>",
        "id": 199884298,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1591367347
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It seemed like there was a lot of stuff that didn't get covered</p>",
        "id": 199884330,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1591367364
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>If there's not interest in continuing that discussion, that's fine. It just seemed we ran out of time.</p>",
        "id": 199884463,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1591367408
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I see. <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> what do you think about a second round on the compiler team survey? For that matter, do we need a second round on the roadmap?</p>",
        "id": 199884483,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591367415
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hopefully not</p>",
        "id": 199884493,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591367418
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(sorry, dropped afk for a sec)</p>",
        "id": 199884543,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591367448
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I tink a sceond round on survey would be fine</p>",
        "id": 199884623,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591367491
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if somebody wants to organize it so to speak</p>",
        "id": 199884644,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591367501
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i.e., pick the topics</p>",
        "id": 199884673,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591367510
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway so we have</p>\n<ul>\n<li>June 12</li>\n<li>June 19</li>\n<li>June 26</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 199884695,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591367521
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think we should try not to jam pack it :)</p>",
        "id": 199884756,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591367532
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so let's not do a second round on roadmap right now, I think we covered it enough personally, and I think the \"areas\" discussion also informs it to some extent</p>",
        "id": 199884853,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591367566
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i.e., areas is kind of about \"how should we organize ourselves\" and I think separating out the idea of \"a part of the compiler where we are doing work\" from \"specific projects\" is a good idea,</p>",
        "id": 199884898,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591367591
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and I think the right way to pick the set of projects is to strt with zero and then say 'let people propose the things they can lead'</p>",
        "id": 199884929,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591367611
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and not so much try to dictate what we do from top down</p>",
        "id": 199884939,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591367617
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>because that's a way to get \"unfunded mandates\" it seems</p>",
        "id": 199884950,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591367623
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay so now <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"125250\">@Wesley Wiser</span> has opened <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/302\">compiler-team#302</a></p>",
        "id": 199885143,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591367699
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I filed <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/302\">compiler-team#302</a> for continuing the compiler team survey results discussion. If people don't want to continue that discussion, that's fine too <span aria-label=\"slight smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f642\" role=\"img\" title=\"slight smile\">:slight_smile:</span> )</p>",
        "id": 199885152,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1591367706
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>one issue with a second round of survey results</p>",
        "id": 199885179,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591367719
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>is that if someone other than niko or myself run it, then they will have to figure out its agenda without access to the original surveys</p>",
        "id": 199885214,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591367737
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>which is probably fine; the main things were all transcribed anonymously in to the hackmd's that niko and i made before</p>",
        "id": 199885252,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591367758
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah I think all it takes is to pick one or two themes probably</p>",
        "id": 199885315,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591367769
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and run with it</p>",
        "id": 199885321,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591367771
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think that's probably fine.</p>",
        "id": 199885340,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1591367780
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok so -- what 2 weeks</p>",
        "id": 199885486,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591367845
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>is it wrong of me to feel like we don't need to have either of these meetings <strong>soon</strong>? Like we could take next week off?</p>",
        "id": 199885491,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591367848
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/planning.20meeting.202020.2E06.2E05/near/199884695\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>anyway so we have</p>\n<ul>\n<li>June 12</li>\n<li>June 19</li>\n<li>June 26</li>\n</ul>\n</blockquote>",
        "id": 199885496,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591367851
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I was going to suggest the same</p>",
        "id": 199885525,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591367864
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so if we do each meeting on the 19th and 26th</p>",
        "id": 199885640,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591367909
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>its possible that the survey results meeting might inform the areas of the compiler one</p>",
        "id": 199885650,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591367917
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so I would suggest, <em>if</em> we do the survey II meeting</p>",
        "id": 199885674,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591367931
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>then I'd suggest doing it on the 19th</p>",
        "id": 199885697,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591367950
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I was careful not to volunteer to run that meeting in that message</p>",
        "id": 199885732,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591367970
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(or at least not to prepare it)</p>",
        "id": 199885752,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591367984
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok wfm</p>",
        "id": 199885867,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591368046
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>does anyone here want to volunteer to prepare the survey results II meeting for the 19th?</p>",
        "id": 199886168,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591368190
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I can do that</p>",
        "id": 199886217,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1591368211
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I'm willing to help; I just don't want to be stuck doing it on my own.)</p>",
        "id": 199886236,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591368219
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay great</p>",
        "id": 199886243,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591368222
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>OK -- so we're settled on</p>\n<ul>\n<li>June 19 -- survey 2.0</li>\n<li>June 26 -- areas</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 199886429,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591368301
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it's also true that <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"198054\">@mark-i-m</span>, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116266\">@Santiago Pastorino</span> and (to a lesser extent) I should try to do a write-up of the contributor survey take-aways</p>",
        "id": 199886463,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591368321
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(not all the free-form entries were public so we can't expose the raw data)</p>",
        "id": 199886518,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591368344
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but anyway</p>",
        "id": 199886533,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591368353
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>reviewing those might make for a nice meeting proposal for next round :)</p>",
        "id": 199886624,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591368371
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yep</p>",
        "id": 199886658,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591368385
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess let's call the meeting then :)</p>",
        "id": 199886665,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591368387
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Next steps:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>adjust the compiler team calendar</li>\n<li>tag the relevant issues</li>\n<li>write an announcement blog post</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 199886708,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591368404
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>plus </p>\n<ul>\n<li>add summaries from previous meetings</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 199886777,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591368427
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>usually I do those things but if anybody wants to help with them I wouldn't mind :)</p>",
        "id": 199886839,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591368449
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> let me try to help with that</p>",
        "id": 199886872,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591368461
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I really need to get on top of learning how to do basic maintenance like this</p>",
        "id": 199886892,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591368474
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I wrote up the steps I do <a href=\"https://forge.rust-lang.org/compiler/steering-meeting/how-to-run-planning.html\">on forge</a> at some point</p>",
        "id": 199886965,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591368491
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Thanks all for attending <span aria-label=\"heart eyes\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f60d\" role=\"img\" title=\"heart eyes\">:heart_eyes:</span> !</p>",
        "id": 199887047,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591368535
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>btw, I've been keeping up a bit with the contributor survey results, and I am planning to do some sort of summary/writeup (it might take a while though, we're almost at 400 responses!)</p>",
        "id": 199888236,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1591369018
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(which is more than I expected)</p>",
        "id": 199888286,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1591369040
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>wow!</p>",
        "id": 199895902,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591372080
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah, really surprising, I was surprised when we were around 200, now I'm double surprised :)</p>",
        "id": 199896082,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591372170
    }
]