<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>weekly meeting June 12 · t-compiler/wg-nll · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/122657-t-compiler/wg-nll/index.html">t-compiler/wg-nll</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/122657-t-compiler/wg-nll/topic/weekly.20meeting.20June.2012.html">weekly meeting June 12</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="127963199"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/122657-t-compiler/wg-nll/topic/weekly%20meeting%20June%2012/near/127963199" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/122657-t-compiler/wg-nll/topic/weekly.20meeting.20June.2012.html#127963199">(Jun 12 2018 at 16:56)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hey <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="*">@everyone</span> , it looks like both me (<span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116083">@pnkfelix</span> ) and <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116009">@nikomatsakis</span> are not able to attend the weekly meeting today. If someone else would like to take a shot at running the meeting that'd be great. Otherwise, the meeting is effectively cancelled.</p>



<a name="127963391"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/122657-t-compiler/wg-nll/topic/weekly%20meeting%20June%2012/near/127963391" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/122657-t-compiler/wg-nll/topic/weekly.20meeting.20June.2012.html#127963391">(Jun 12 2018 at 17:01)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116083">@pnkfelix</span> we could try but what would be a desirable output from a meeting without you?</p>



<a name="127963633"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/122657-t-compiler/wg-nll/topic/weekly%20meeting%20June%2012/near/127963633" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/122657-t-compiler/wg-nll/topic/weekly.20meeting.20June.2012.html#127963633">(Jun 12 2018 at 17:06)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'd do it but I don't have a top level perspective of most of the things that people are working on :)</p>



<a name="127964034"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/122657-t-compiler/wg-nll/topic/weekly%20meeting%20June%2012/near/127964034" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> qmx <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/122657-t-compiler/wg-nll/topic/weekly.20meeting.20June.2012.html#127964034">(Jun 12 2018 at 17:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>what <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116266">@Santiago Pastorino</span> said :P</p>



<a name="127964079"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/122657-t-compiler/wg-nll/topic/weekly%20meeting%20June%2012/near/127964079" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/122657-t-compiler/wg-nll/topic/weekly.20meeting.20June.2012.html#127964079">(Jun 12 2018 at 17:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>I suppose the main desirable output(s) are 1. progress reports (which admittedly do not need a live meeting), including identification of road blocks, and 2. potential mutual assistance in removing those road blocks.</p>



<a name="127964128"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/122657-t-compiler/wg-nll/topic/weekly%20meeting%20June%2012/near/127964128" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/122657-t-compiler/wg-nll/topic/weekly.20meeting.20June.2012.html#127964128">(Jun 12 2018 at 17:18)</a>:</h4>
<p>But having said that, I certainly can appreciate the idea that its simpler to just ask people to post status reports into the usual Paper document</p>



<a name="127964148"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/122657-t-compiler/wg-nll/topic/weekly%20meeting%20June%2012/near/127964148" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/122657-t-compiler/wg-nll/topic/weekly.20meeting.20June.2012.html#127964148">(Jun 12 2018 at 17:19)</a>:</h4>
<p>(and not expect anyone to allocate dedicated time today for the regular meeting)</p>



<a name="127970629"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/122657-t-compiler/wg-nll/topic/weekly%20meeting%20June%2012/near/127970629" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> davidtwco <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/122657-t-compiler/wg-nll/topic/weekly.20meeting.20June.2012.html#127970629">(Jun 12 2018 at 19:38)</a>:</h4>
<p>I've added a section to the Paper doc for this week that we can add status updates to.</p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Aug 07 2021 at 22:04 UTC</p>
</html>