<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>lang team update · project-ffi-unwind · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/210922-project-ffi-unwind/index.html">project-ffi-unwind</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/210922-project-ffi-unwind/topic/lang.20team.20update.html">lang team update</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="233394191"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/210922-project-ffi-unwind/topic/lang%20team%20update/near/233394191" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/210922-project-ffi-unwind/topic/lang.20team.20update.html#233394191">(Apr 06 2021 at 21:30)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hey <span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="1866">@WG-ffi-unwind</span> -- if somebody could post an update into <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/lang-team/issues/19">rust-lang/lang-team#19</a> for this month's planning meeting, that would be amazing! Here are some <a href="https://hackmd.io/BurZQXKST6i0vFVWn61Vaw?view#Questions-to-consider-for-updates">questions to consider</a></p>



<a name="233406170"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/210922-project-ffi-unwind/topic/lang%20team%20update/near/233406170" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/210922-project-ffi-unwind/topic/lang.20team.20update.html#233406170">(Apr 06 2021 at 23:21)</a>:</h4>
<p>When is the planning meeting? The document has today's date on it.</p>



<a name="233406338"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/210922-project-ffi-unwind/topic/lang%20team%20update/near/233406338" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/210922-project-ffi-unwind/topic/lang.20team.20update.html#233406338">(Apr 06 2021 at 23:23)</a>:</h4>
<p><time datetime="2021-04-07T17:00:00Z">2021-04-07T13:00:00-04:00</time></p>



<a name="233409734"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/210922-project-ffi-unwind/topic/lang%20team%20update/near/233409734" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/210922-project-ffi-unwind/topic/lang.20team.20update.html#233409734">(Apr 07 2021 at 00:01)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm sorry, I don't know if I will have time. I'll try.</p>



<a name="233423055"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/210922-project-ffi-unwind/topic/lang%20team%20update/near/233423055" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Triplett <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/210922-project-ffi-unwind/topic/lang.20team.20update.html#233423055">(Apr 07 2021 at 02:53)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="120076">@BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)</span> Please don't feel like you have to rush. The most important thing would be if you have updates that need lang team action or review or approval to move forward. If you <em>don't</em>, and you don't have bandwidth, it'd be sufficient to just say "various progress, no gating issues" for now. (We're trying to get in the habit of regular status updates, but we're running late this month.)</p>



<a name="244219432"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/210922-project-ffi-unwind/topic/lang%20team%20update/near/244219432" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/210922-project-ffi-unwind/topic/lang.20team.20update.html#244219432">(Jun 29 2021 at 00:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hey all!</p>
<p>The lang team is holding the next planning meeting on July 7th (next week), and is looking for updates from the active projects. Please leave an update on your issue on the lang-team repo: <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/lang-team/issues/19">https://github.com/rust-lang/lang-team/issues/19</a> -- thanks!</p>
<p>Good questions to consider:</p>
<ul>
<li>What are recent topics of discussion?</li>
<li>Any exciting developments since the last check-in?</li>
<li>Any points where the group is stuck and the lang-team could weigh in?</li>
<li>Any potential design meeting topics?</li>
<li>Any other concerns?</li>
</ul>
<p>No worries if there's not been any significant progress since the last update.</p>



<a name="244365517"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/210922-project-ffi-unwind/topic/lang%20team%20update/near/244365517" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/210922-project-ffi-unwind/topic/lang.20team.20update.html#244365517">(Jun 30 2021 at 00:31)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116015">@Alex Crichton</span> I think the main thing is to say we need MIR expertise in the PR review, correct?</p>



<a name="244368715"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/210922-project-ffi-unwind/topic/lang%20team%20update/near/244368715" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Alex Crichton <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/210922-project-ffi-unwind/topic/lang.20team.20update.html#244368715">(Jun 30 2021 at 01:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>I believe so yeah</p>



<a name="244600119"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/210922-project-ffi-unwind/topic/lang%20team%20update/near/244600119" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/210922-project-ffi-unwind/topic/lang.20team.20update.html#244600119">(Jul 01 2021 at 17:22)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116015">@Alex Crichton</span> now that Niko is reviewing, we're no longer blocked on needing another reviewer, correct?</p>



<a name="244606050"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/210922-project-ffi-unwind/topic/lang%20team%20update/near/244606050" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Alex Crichton <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/210922-project-ffi-unwind/topic/lang.20team.20update.html#244606050">(Jul 01 2021 at 18:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>I believe so, yes</p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 20:01 UTC</p>
</html>