<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>plannning meeting update · project-ffi-unwind · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/210922-project-ffi-unwind/index.html">project-ffi-unwind</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/210922-project-ffi-unwind/topic/plannning.20meeting.20update.html">plannning meeting update</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="238565760"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/210922-project-ffi-unwind/topic/plannning%20meeting%20update/near/238565760" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/210922-project-ffi-unwind/topic/plannning.20meeting.20update.html#238565760">(May 13 2021 at 00:48)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hey folks! Could somebody post an update to <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/lang-team/issues/19">https://github.com/rust-lang/lang-team/issues/19</a> for the lang team planning meeting next Wednesday? Thanks!</p>



<a name="239106060"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/210922-project-ffi-unwind/topic/plannning%20meeting%20update/near/239106060" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/210922-project-ffi-unwind/topic/plannning.20meeting.20update.html#239106060">(May 17 2021 at 15:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'll try to have one ready, yes!</p>



<a name="239116417"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/210922-project-ffi-unwind/topic/plannning%20meeting%20update/near/239116417" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/210922-project-ffi-unwind/topic/plannning.20meeting.20update.html#239116417">(May 17 2021 at 16:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>Thanks <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="120076">@BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)</span> !</p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 20:01 UTC</p>
</html>