<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>[regular meeting] 2021-01-20/21 · t-libs/meetings · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/index.html">t-libs/meetings</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/.5Bregular.20meeting.5D.202021-01-20.2F21.html">[regular meeting] 2021-01-20/21</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="223412366"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/%5Bregular%20meeting%5D%202021-01-20/21/near/223412366" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mara <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/.5Bregular.20meeting.5D.202021-01-20.2F21.html#223412366">(Jan 20 2021 at 18:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hey <span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="2645">@T-libs</span>, our next meeting is in about two hours, at <time datetime="2021-01-20T20:00:00Z">2021-01-20T21:00:00+01:00</time>. Agenda here: <a href="https://hackmd.io/6HMIT5dKRjuwxm-RpU0P-w?view">https://hackmd.io/6HMIT5dKRjuwxm-RpU0P-w?view</a></p>



<a name="223436794"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/%5Bregular%20meeting%5D%202021-01-20/21/near/223436794" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Ashley Mannix <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/.5Bregular.20meeting.5D.202021-01-20.2F21.html#223436794">(Jan 20 2021 at 21:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>I don't think I was able to articulate very clearly what I meant about division of responsibilities around unstable features.</p>
<p>I'd meant if we have, say Libs Impl responsible for r+'ing unstable features and Libs responsible for stabilizing them, with the measure of success for Libs Impl being zero open PRs, and the measure of success for Libs being zero unstable features, then a degenerate system would be for Libs Impl to simply r+ everything. Since the bar for landing unstable features is lower than the bar for stabilizing them we'll always have (and want) unstable features that are actively in progress. If Libs isn't the team that r+'es unstable features then whoever does should be trying to use Libs judgement to decide whether the feature is likely to be stabilized and how much effort there is between that first r+ and stabilization.</p>



<a name="223436942"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/%5Bregular%20meeting%5D%202021-01-20/21/near/223436942" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Ashley Mannix <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/.5Bregular.20meeting.5D.202021-01-20.2F21.html#223436942">(Jan 20 2021 at 21:18)</a>:</h4>
<p>If we don't want to push that Libs judgement requirement onto Libs Impl then it sounds like it would still be up to Libs to r+ unstable features</p>



<a name="223437244"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/%5Bregular%20meeting%5D%202021-01-20/21/near/223437244" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Ashley Mannix <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/.5Bregular.20meeting.5D.202021-01-20.2F21.html#223437244">(Jan 20 2021 at 21:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>So I think whatever team is responsible for landing new unstable features should also be the one that wants to burn down the unstable feature backlog, even if whoever that team is Libs is the one who actually pushes through stabilizations</p>



<a name="223437689"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/%5Bregular%20meeting%5D%202021-01-20/21/near/223437689" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mara <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/.5Bregular.20meeting.5D.202021-01-20.2F21.html#223437689">(Jan 20 2021 at 21:24)</a>:</h4>
<p>Ah, i see what you mean. Yes, that makes sense.</p>



<a name="223437784"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/%5Bregular%20meeting%5D%202021-01-20/21/near/223437784" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mara <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/.5Bregular.20meeting.5D.202021-01-20.2F21.html#223437784">(Jan 20 2021 at 21:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>yeah if we can grow libs-impl big enough, it would definitely make sense to have that team do it.</p>



<a name="223437852"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/%5Bregular%20meeting%5D%202021-01-20/21/near/223437852" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Ashley Mannix <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/.5Bregular.20meeting.5D.202021-01-20.2F21.html#223437852">(Jan 20 2021 at 21:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>And maybe scoping Libs Impl not to be concerned with unstable features for a start could help keep it clear?</p>



<a name="223437895"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/%5Bregular%20meeting%5D%202021-01-20/21/near/223437895" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Ashley Mannix <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/.5Bregular.20meeting.5D.202021-01-20.2F21.html#223437895">(Jan 20 2021 at 21:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>At least not responsible for having to r+ or garden them</p>



<a name="223437934"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/%5Bregular%20meeting%5D%202021-01-20/21/near/223437934" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mara <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/.5Bregular.20meeting.5D.202021-01-20.2F21.html#223437934">(Jan 20 2021 at 21:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>hm, if we get a few more people to join i think it might be fine to pick that up right away.</p>



<a name="223441775"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/%5Bregular%20meeting%5D%202021-01-20/21/near/223441775" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Ashley Mannix <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/.5Bregular.20meeting.5D.202021-01-20.2F21.html#223441775">(Jan 20 2021 at 21:57)</a>:</h4>
<p>If I guess Lib’s measure of success is to have stable APIs that are more useful than they are debt then it’s in the interests of both the team that shepherds unstable features and Libs to have a clear path to stabilization available for the set of unstable features, so the ones that are likely to stabilize can follow it and the ones that aren’t can be identified and pruned sooner rather than later</p>



<a name="223441982"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/%5Bregular%20meeting%5D%202021-01-20/21/near/223441982" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Ashley Mannix <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/.5Bregular.20meeting.5D.202021-01-20.2F21.html#223441982">(Jan 20 2021 at 21:58)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="119235">@David Tolnay</span> Is that pretty much what you were trying to get at today?</p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Aug 07 2021 at 22:04 UTC</p>
</html>