<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>[regular meeting] 2020-11-11 · t-libs/meetings · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/index.html">t-libs/meetings</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/.5Bregular.20meeting.5D.202020-11-11.html">[regular meeting] 2020-11-11</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="216294140"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/%5Bregular%20meeting%5D%202020-11-11/near/216294140" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Ashley Mannix <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/.5Bregular.20meeting.5D.202020-11-11.html#216294140">(Nov 11 2020 at 00:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hey all! <span aria-label="wave" class="emoji emoji-1f44b" role="img" title="wave">:wave:</span> We've got our regular meeting happening tomorrow. I've created a HackMD here: <a href="https://hackmd.io/wrI9T0nsTg6bJ8xjHwkMoA">https://hackmd.io/wrI9T0nsTg6bJ8xjHwkMoA</a></p>



<a name="216294277"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/%5Bregular%20meeting%5D%202020-11-11/near/216294277" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Ashley Mannix <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/.5Bregular.20meeting.5D.202020-11-11.html#216294277">(Nov 11 2020 at 00:34)</a>:</h4>
<p>Is there anything anybody would like to raise? Does the time of <time datetime="2020-11-11T20:00:00Z">2020-11-11T20:00:00Z</time> work for everyone? Or would we like to shift it for daylight savings?</p>



<a name="216294423"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/%5Bregular%20meeting%5D%202020-11-11/near/216294423" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Steven Fackler <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/.5Bregular.20meeting.5D.202020-11-11.html#216294423">(Nov 11 2020 at 00:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>That time works for me still, but I can shift an hour in either direction for DST if other people like. (Very cool that Zulip will do that with timestamps, btw)</p>



<a name="216294534"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/%5Bregular%20meeting%5D%202020-11-11/near/216294534" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Ashley Mannix <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/.5Bregular.20meeting.5D.202020-11-11.html#216294534">(Nov 11 2020 at 00:38)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yeh it makes things a lot easier <span aria-label="smiley" class="emoji emoji-1f603" role="img" title="smiley">:smiley:</span> If you start typing <code>&lt;time</code> then it can pop up a calendar, or you can just drop a ISO 8601 timestamp in there</p>



<a name="216295709"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/%5Bregular%20meeting%5D%202020-11-11/near/216295709" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Steven Fackler <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/.5Bregular.20meeting.5D.202020-11-11.html#216295709">(Nov 11 2020 at 00:57)</a>:</h4>
<p>At some point I think we should discuss the hole in the ReadBuf API and how to resolve it (<a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/pull/2930#issuecomment-688933597">https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/pull/2930#issuecomment-688933597</a>), but it probably makes the most sense to wait until it's implemented in std so we have something to look at. There's a person working on a PR now I believe</p>



<a name="216378818"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/%5Bregular%20meeting%5D%202020-11-11/near/216378818" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Steven Fackler <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/.5Bregular.20meeting.5D.202020-11-11.html#216378818">(Nov 11 2020 at 18:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>we should talk about the Stream rfc</p>



<a name="216379114"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/%5Bregular%20meeting%5D%202020-11-11/near/216379114" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Dirkjan Ochtman <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/.5Bregular.20meeting.5D.202020-11-11.html#216379114">(Nov 11 2020 at 18:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>it's already on the list as part of the libs FCPs, but getting a pronouncement on <code>bool::then()</code> (the oldest issue on the tracking issue FCPs) would be great</p>



<a name="216379563"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/%5Bregular%20meeting%5D%202020-11-11/near/216379563" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mara <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/.5Bregular.20meeting.5D.202020-11-11.html#216379563">(Nov 11 2020 at 18:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>yes! will mention it in the agenda.</p>



<a name="216380784"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/%5Bregular%20meeting%5D%202020-11-11/near/216380784" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mara <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/.5Bregular.20meeting.5D.202020-11-11.html#216380784">(Nov 11 2020 at 18:22)</a>:</h4>
<blockquote>
<p>Is there anything anybody would like to raise?</p>
</blockquote>
<p>Yes. Added some things in the agenda. :)</p>
<blockquote>
<p>Does the time of 2020-11-11T20:00:00Z work for everyone?</p>
</blockquote>
<p>Works for me. (Would prefer to not move it any later.)</p>



<a name="216400378"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/%5Bregular%20meeting%5D%202020-11-11/near/216400378" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mara <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/.5Bregular.20meeting.5D.202020-11-11.html#216400378">(Nov 11 2020 at 21:20)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="226095">@Dirkjan Ochtman</span> <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/64260#issuecomment-725653381">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/64260#issuecomment-725653381</a></p>



<a name="216404290"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/%5Bregular%20meeting%5D%202020-11-11/near/216404290" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Ashley Mannix <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/.5Bregular.20meeting.5D.202020-11-11.html#216404290">(Nov 11 2020 at 22:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>Just to confirm, was the current impression on the float formatting that we don’t want <code>format!(“{:+}”, -0)</code> to produce <code>+0</code>, but are otherwise not aiming for strict IEEE 754 compliance on the <code>Display</code> impl for floats. So <code>format!(“{}”, -0)</code> would continue to produce <code>0</code>?</p>



<a name="216404328"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/%5Bregular%20meeting%5D%202020-11-11/near/216404328" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mara <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/.5Bregular.20meeting.5D.202020-11-11.html#216404328">(Nov 11 2020 at 22:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>yes, that's also what i understood we concluded</p>



<a name="216404872"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/%5Bregular%20meeting%5D%202020-11-11/near/216404872" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Steven Fackler <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/.5Bregular.20meeting.5D.202020-11-11.html#216404872">(Nov 11 2020 at 22:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>I did see on that old issue that someone did a survey of other languages and it seems like most format negative 0 as -0 or -0.0, but I think we're just kind of locked-in now</p>



<a name="216406954"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/%5Bregular%20meeting%5D%202020-11-11/near/216406954" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Ashley Mannix <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/.5Bregular.20meeting.5D.202020-11-11.html#216406954">(Nov 11 2020 at 22:35)</a>:</h4>
<p>On the question of <code>libs-impl</code> vs <code>library-reviewers</code>, would y'all like me to write up a compiler MCP that turns <code>library-reviewers</code> into the <code>libs-impl</code> team?</p>



<a name="216463882"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/%5Bregular%20meeting%5D%202020-11-11/near/216463882" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mara <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/.5Bregular.20meeting.5D.202020-11-11.html#216463882">(Nov 12 2020 at 13:01)</a>:</h4>
<p>i'm not really familiar with compiler mcps, but how relevant is this to the compiler team?</p>



<a name="216463994"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/%5Bregular%20meeting%5D%202020-11-11/near/216463994" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mara <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/.5Bregular.20meeting.5D.202020-11-11.html#216463994">(Nov 12 2020 at 13:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>oh and i guess this should also go in your libs team rfc (<a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/pull/2979">https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/pull/2979</a>). but not sure what the state of that is.</p>



<a name="216539176"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/%5Bregular%20meeting%5D%202020-11-11/near/216539176" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> DPC <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/.5Bregular.20meeting.5D.202020-11-11.html#216539176">(Nov 12 2020 at 22:34)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="310399">@Mara</span> earlier in the year we decided to divide it since libs team was overloaded a bit - so the libs team looks after the API while the compiler team (called "libs-impl") looks at implementations and other smaller details</p>



<a name="216539262"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/%5Bregular%20meeting%5D%202020-11-11/near/216539262" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mara <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/.5Bregular.20meeting.5D.202020-11-11.html#216539262">(Nov 12 2020 at 22:35)</a>:</h4>
<p>yes, that's what we discussed in the last meeting.</p>



<a name="216539291"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/%5Bregular%20meeting%5D%202020-11-11/near/216539291" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mara <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/.5Bregular.20meeting.5D.202020-11-11.html#216539291">(Nov 12 2020 at 22:35)</a>:</h4>
<p>but it seems that moving <code>libs-impl</code> to the compiler team didn't happen in practice</p>



<a name="216539298"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/%5Bregular%20meeting%5D%202020-11-11/near/216539298" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mara <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/.5Bregular.20meeting.5D.202020-11-11.html#216539298">(Nov 12 2020 at 22:35)</a>:</h4>
<p>and now we want to put that on library-reviewers instead</p>



<a name="216539403"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/%5Bregular%20meeting%5D%202020-11-11/near/216539403" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mara <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/.5Bregular.20meeting.5D.202020-11-11.html#216539403">(Nov 12 2020 at 22:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>so i'm just wondering how relevant this update is to the compiler team (as an MCP), considering they didn't really take over libs-impl in practice</p>



<a name="216540449"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/%5Bregular%20meeting%5D%202020-11-11/near/216540449" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Ashley Mannix <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/.5Bregular.20meeting.5D.202020-11-11.html#216540449">(Nov 12 2020 at 22:45)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="310399">@Mara</span> Yeh, since we did originally agree to do things that way I think it would be a good way to try communicate our intentions with them and give the compiler folks a chance to have some input too while also leaving more of a trail to follow</p>



<a name="216540598"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/%5Bregular%20meeting%5D%202020-11-11/near/216540598" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mara <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/.5Bregular.20meeting.5D.202020-11-11.html#216540598">(Nov 12 2020 at 22:46)</a>:</h4>
<p>yeah makes sense. (i don't know much about the history. like, if this was just a suggestion somewhere that was never implemented, or if this was a 'formal' decision written down in some rfc/mcp/something. hence my question)</p>



<a name="216540599"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/%5Bregular%20meeting%5D%202020-11-11/near/216540599" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Ashley Mannix <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/.5Bregular.20meeting.5D.202020-11-11.html#216540599">(Nov 12 2020 at 22:46)</a>:</h4>
<p>We should all talk about the governance RFC sometime too! It's currently just sitting there, but has some more updates to pull in based on some similar work going on in the lang team. We want to try make things more consistent across the board</p>



<a name="216540684"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/%5Bregular%20meeting%5D%202020-11-11/near/216540684" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Ashley Mannix <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/.5Bregular.20meeting.5D.202020-11-11.html#216540684">(Nov 12 2020 at 22:47)</a>:</h4>
<p>It was so formal we wrote a blog post <span aria-label="wink" class="emoji emoji-1f609" role="img" title="wink">:wink:</span> <a href="https://blog.rust-lang.org/inside-rust/2020/07/02/Ownership-Std-Implementation.html">https://blog.rust-lang.org/inside-rust/2020/07/02/Ownership-Std-Implementation.html</a></p>



<a name="216540763"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/%5Bregular%20meeting%5D%202020-11-11/near/216540763" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mara <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/.5Bregular.20meeting.5D.202020-11-11.html#216540763">(Nov 12 2020 at 22:48)</a>:</h4>
<p>oh heh, that's quite recent. didn't see that before ^^</p>



<a name="216541066"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/%5Bregular%20meeting%5D%202020-11-11/near/216541066" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mara <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/.5Bregular.20meeting.5D.202020-11-11.html#216541066">(Nov 12 2020 at 22:50)</a>:</h4>
<p>well that clarifies things ^^</p>



<a name="216688932"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/%5Bregular%20meeting%5D%202020-11-11/near/216688932" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mara <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/.5Bregular.20meeting.5D.202020-11-11.html#216688932">(Nov 13 2020 at 23:37)</a>:</h4>
<p>relevant: <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/79023#issuecomment-726949218">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/79023#issuecomment-726949218</a></p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Aug 07 2021 at 22:04 UTC</p>
</html>