<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>Meetings 2021-12-08 · t-libs/meetings · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/index.html">t-libs/meetings</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings.202021-12-08.html">Meetings 2021-12-08</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="264197975"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings%202021-12-08/near/264197975" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mara <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings.202021-12-08.html#264197975">(Dec 08 2021 at 18:22)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="4493">@T-libs</span> agenda is once again empty, but that doesn't mean there's nothing to do: lots of PRs are open and waiting for review. so let's spend some time on that. also, I'd really like to work towards some kind of 'roadmap', not with deadlines or a planning or anything like that, but a bit of an overview of what kind of work we think should be done in the libraries. then afterwards we can see if we can get some people enthusiastic about working on those things (not all at the same time ^^)</p>



<a name="264207960"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings%202021-12-08/near/264207960" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mara <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings.202021-12-08.html#264207960">(Dec 08 2021 at 19:33)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="2645">@T-libs-api</span> meeting in half an hour <span aria-label="tada" class="emoji emoji-1f389" role="img" title="tada">:tada:</span>  agenda: <a href="https://hackmd.io/JTC6EA4TTYCxIryhEuJ8tg">https://hackmd.io/JTC6EA4TTYCxIryhEuJ8tg</a></p>



<a name="264211945"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings%202021-12-08/near/264211945" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mara <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings.202021-12-08.html#264211945">(Dec 08 2021 at 20:00)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="2645">@T-libs-api</span> <a href="https://meet.jit.si/rust-libs-meeting-crxoz2at8hiccp7b3ixf89qgxfymlbwr">https://meet.jit.si/rust-libs-meeting-crxoz2at8hiccp7b3ixf89qgxfymlbwr</a></p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 20:01 UTC</p>
</html>