<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>Meeting 2022-03-30 · t-libs/meetings · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/index.html">t-libs/meetings</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting.202022-03-30.html">Meeting 2022-03-30</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="276518305"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting%202022-03-30/near/276518305" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting.202022-03-30.html#276518305">(Mar 24 2022 at 18:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>During next week's libs-api team meeting I'd like to talk about having a process for more officially supporting discussions at earlier stages of the design process, since <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="310399">@Mara</span> has highlighted some issues around our current process often pushing people towards providing solutions without necessarily focusing on the problems being solved or leaving space for alternative solutions</p>



<a name="276518335"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting%202022-03-30/near/276518335" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting.202022-03-30.html#276518335">(Mar 24 2022 at 18:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>this came up again during the Rust Linz meetup where the Rust for linux people gave a presentation</p>



<a name="276518393"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting%202022-03-30/near/276518393" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting.202022-03-30.html#276518393">(Mar 24 2022 at 18:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>they discussed needing official support for safe pin projections</p>



<a name="276518491"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting%202022-03-30/near/276518491" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting.202022-03-30.html#276518491">(Mar 24 2022 at 18:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>and suggested language support, though I'm not sure that we should necessarily jump to language support, but also they had no idea how to go about exploring the solution space and weren't sure if they should submit an RFC or a Pre-RFC or keep just talking about it to ppl</p>



<a name="276518509"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting%202022-03-30/near/276518509" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting.202022-03-30.html#276518509">(Mar 24 2022 at 18:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>so I mentioned this idea I'd discussed with mara and they seemed excited about it</p>



<a name="276518549"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting%202022-03-30/near/276518549" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting.202022-03-30.html#276518549">(Mar 24 2022 at 18:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>I want to discuss it with the rest of the team and if everyone is on board work on the supporting docs to get it rolling</p>



<a name="276518633"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting%202022-03-30/near/276518633" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting.202022-03-30.html#276518633">(Mar 24 2022 at 18:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>one thing I do think we need to be careful about is increasing the amount of discussions that are going on beyond the libs-api teams capacity to support, so for the official "in project" pre-rfcs I think we might want a mechanism similar to the lang team's MCP process</p>



<a name="276518662"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting%202022-03-30/near/276518662" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting.202022-03-30.html#276518662">(Mar 24 2022 at 18:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>where we have to have a libs team member second the issue in order to open it up for general discussion / make a call for proposed solutions</p>



<a name="276524706"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting%202022-03-30/near/276524706" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Triplett <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting.202022-03-30.html#276524706">(Mar 24 2022 at 18:59)</a>:</h4>
<p>Lang has tooling in progress for that; I'm hoping that tooling will be easy for other teams to adopt/adapt.</p>



<a name="276527456"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting%202022-03-30/near/276527456" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> bstrie <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting.202022-03-30.html#276527456">(Mar 24 2022 at 19:22)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="220273">Jane Lusby [she/her]</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs.2Fmeetings/topic/Meeting.202022-03-30/near/276518335">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>this came up again during the Rust Linz meetup where the Rust for linux people gave a presentation</p>
</blockquote>
<p>was this recorded?</p>



<a name="276527654"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting%202022-03-30/near/276527654" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting.202022-03-30.html#276527654">(Mar 24 2022 at 19:24)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="256342">bstrie</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs.2Fmeetings/topic/Meeting.202022-03-30/near/276527456">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="220273">Jane Lusby [she/her]</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs.2Fmeetings/topic/Meeting.202022-03-30/near/276518335">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>this came up again during the Rust Linz meetup where the Rust for linux people gave a presentation</p>
</blockquote>
<p>was this recorded?</p>
</blockquote>
<p>yeah</p>



<a name="276527689"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting%202022-03-30/near/276527689" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting.202022-03-30.html#276527689">(Mar 24 2022 at 19:24)</a>:</h4>
<p><a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8txt4XyvGXU">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8txt4XyvGXU</a></p>
<div class="youtube-video message_inline_image"><a data-id="8txt4XyvGXU" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8txt4XyvGXU"><img src="https://uploads.zulipusercontent.net/f16422a2fcf9f6b499c664501ad1a5a6ea0eafd1/68747470733a2f2f692e7974696d672e636f6d2f76692f38747874345879764758552f64656661756c742e6a7067"></a></div>



<a name="276907089"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting%202022-03-30/near/276907089" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting.202022-03-30.html#276907089">(Mar 28 2022 at 17:32)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think improving crate discoverability might also be a good candidate for this kind of request for proposals process, inspired by <a href="https://twitter.com/InsanityBit/status/1508473339072811015">https://twitter.com/InsanityBit/status/1508473339072811015</a></p>
<div class="inline-preview-twitter"><div class="twitter-tweet"><a href="https://twitter.com/InsanityBit/status/1508473339072811015"><img class="twitter-avatar" src="https://uploads.zulipusercontent.net/26fbc96445977c47ef82f252d10a5cb34754e6d1/68747470733a2f2f7062732e7477696d672e636f6d2f70726f66696c655f696d616765732f313132343432323431353633373833353737372f58356d6a65314d7a5f6e6f726d616c2e706e67"></a><p>This cost me a few days of work tbh. Like, what I wanted to do in one crate was extremely difficult but straightforward in another.

IDK how best to solve this. Current situation is not good though - I consistently have to ask the community for advice on crates <a href="https://t.co/dru8m1WOqq">https://twitter.com/InsanityBit/status/1508460406720901128</a></p><span>- InsanityBit (@InsanityBit)</span></div></div>



<a name="276908111"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting%202022-03-30/near/276908111" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> The 8472 <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting.202022-03-30.html#276908111">(Mar 28 2022 at 17:40)</a>:</h4>
<p>crev integration?</p>



<a name="276908778"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting%202022-03-30/near/276908778" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting.202022-03-30.html#276908778">(Mar 28 2022 at 17:46)</a>:</h4>
<p>i don't think we need to go straight to suggesting proposals atm</p>



<a name="276908806"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting%202022-03-30/near/276908806" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting.202022-03-30.html#276908806">(Mar 28 2022 at 17:47)</a>:</h4>
<p>was just bringing this up to add to the conversation in our next meeting on organizing these kinds of discussions</p>



<a name="277174317"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting%202022-03-30/near/277174317" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mara <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting.202022-03-30.html#277174317">(Mar 30 2022 at 16:52)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="4493">@T-libs</span> meeting at <time datetime="2022-03-30T18:00:00Z">2022-03-30T20:00:00+02:00</time>, agenda: <a href="https://hackmd.io/zNVqU8yBQq62quA21SN9CA">https://hackmd.io/zNVqU8yBQq62quA21SN9CA</a><br>
<span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="2645">@T-libs-api</span> meeting at <time datetime="2022-03-30T19:00:00Z">2022-03-30T21:00:00+02:00</time>, agenda: <a href="https://hackmd.io/L3OzQVOWS-C9hL_6TAy7LA">https://hackmd.io/L3OzQVOWS-C9hL_6TAy7LA</a></p>
<p>Feel free to add anything to the agendas you want to discuss</p>



<a name="277183828"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting%202022-03-30/near/277183828" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mara <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting.202022-03-30.html#277183828">(Mar 30 2022 at 18:01)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="4493">@T-libs</span> meeting time: <a href="https://meet.jit.si/rust-libs-meeting-ujepnbwg2lzqgt6wvrndwimi">https://meet.jit.si/rust-libs-meeting-ujepnbwg2lzqgt6wvrndwimi</a> <span aria-label="tada" class="emoji emoji-1f389" role="img" title="tada">:tada:</span></p>



<a name="277191710"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting%202022-03-30/near/277191710" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mara <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting.202022-03-30.html#277191710">(Mar 30 2022 at 19:01)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="2645">@T-libs-api</span> meeting time: <a href="https://meet.jit.si/rust-libs-meeting-crxoz2at8hiccp7b3ixf89qgxfymlbwr">https://meet.jit.si/rust-libs-meeting-crxoz2at8hiccp7b3ixf89qgxfymlbwr</a> <span aria-label="tada" class="emoji emoji-1f389" role="img" title="tada">:tada:</span></p>



<a name="277319950"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting%202022-03-30/near/277319950" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> The 8472 <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting.202022-03-30.html#277319950">(Mar 31 2022 at 18:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>We discussed getting coverage info for unsafe functions yesterday, it wouldn't have helped with <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/94231">#94231</a> (the chunksmut issue) since that already has a test exercising the specialization. The existing test just wasn't enough for miri to detect the aliasing bug</p>



<a name="277327883"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting%202022-03-30/near/277327883" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Ben Kimock (Saethlin) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting.202022-03-30.html#277327883">(Mar 31 2022 at 19:18)</a>:</h4>
<p>That is very interesting. Can you share the test you found somewhere? (the issue, my draft PR, here?)</p>



<a name="277328547"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting%202022-03-30/near/277328547" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> The 8472 <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting.202022-03-30.html#277328547">(Mar 31 2022 at 19:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>added a comment to the issue</p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 20:01 UTC</p>
</html>