<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>Meetings-2022-02-23 · t-libs/meetings · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/index.html">t-libs/meetings</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23.html">Meetings-2022-02-23</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="272991090"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23/near/272991090" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mara <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23.html#272991090">(Feb 23 2022 at 18:23)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hey <span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="4493">@T-libs</span>, today in our meeting at <time datetime="2022-02-23T19:00:00Z">2022-02-23T20:00:00+01:00</time> i want to talk about all our ongoing 'projects' and go through status updates. I listed a few things i'm working on and a few things i know others are working on, but please add anything that's missing in the agenda: <a href="https://hackmd.io/_hy-AKWWT42NEW9yZdpHdA">https://hackmd.io/_hy-AKWWT42NEW9yZdpHdA</a></p>



<a name="272991187"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23/near/272991187" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mara <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23.html#272991187">(Feb 23 2022 at 18:24)</a>:</h4>
<p>(also feel free to reorder things if you find something important)</p>



<a name="272991537"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23/near/272991537" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mara <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23.html#272991537">(Feb 23 2022 at 18:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>And <span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="2645">@T-libs-api</span> here's the agenda for our meeting at <time datetime="2022-02-23T20:00:00Z">2022-02-23T21:00:00+01:00</time>: <a href="https://hackmd.io/RADbXvw_Q0edNMKh6Sn8Iw">https://hackmd.io/RADbXvw_Q0edNMKh6Sn8Iw</a></p>



<a name="272995742"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23/near/272995742" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mara <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23.html#272995742">(Feb 23 2022 at 19:00)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="4493">@T-libs</span> meeting time! <a href="https://meet.jit.si/rust-libs-meeting-ujepnbwg2lzqgt6wvrndwimi">https://meet.jit.si/rust-libs-meeting-ujepnbwg2lzqgt6wvrndwimi</a></p>



<a name="273003662"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23/near/273003662" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mara <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23.html#273003662">(Feb 23 2022 at 20:01)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="2645">@T-libs-api</span> meeting time <a href="https://meet.jit.si/rust-libs-meeting-crxoz2at8hiccp7b3ixf89qgxfymlbwr">https://meet.jit.si/rust-libs-meeting-crxoz2at8hiccp7b3ixf89qgxfymlbwr</a></p>



<a name="273011595"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23/near/273011595" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Triplett <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23.html#273011595">(Feb 23 2022 at 21:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>Did anyone take the action item to summarize what we'd recommend (extension trait + crater run) to the CStr/CString issue?</p>



<a name="273012442"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23/near/273012442" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Triplett <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23.html#273012442">(Feb 23 2022 at 21:15)</a>:</h4>
<p>OK, I'm writing that summary to the PR now.</p>



<a name="273141821"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23/near/273141821" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23.html#273141821">(Feb 24 2022 at 20:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>Followup from our discussion yesterday in the libs team meeting: <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/libs-team/issues/39">https://github.com/rust-lang/libs-team/issues/39</a>, going to go ahead now and work on getting the designated maintainer for netbsd setup and figure out how to make those ping groups</p>



<a name="273149223"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23/near/273149223" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mara <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23.html#273149223">(Feb 24 2022 at 21:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>let's not call it designated <em>maintainer</em> but rather developer or expert or something. maintainer kind-of implies r+ rights and more 'ownership' than what we mean</p>



<a name="273158723"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23/near/273158723" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23.html#273158723">(Feb 24 2022 at 22:31)</a>:</h4>
<p>the designated maintainer designation is already part of the template and target tier policy I believe</p>



<a name="273158740"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23/near/273158740" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23.html#273158740">(Feb 24 2022 at 22:31)</a>:</h4>
<p>so I'm mostly using that for consistency with existing documentation</p>



<a name="273158815"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23/near/273158815" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23.html#273158815">(Feb 24 2022 at 22:32)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm cool with changing it but I don't think we can unilaterally make that decision, since the target tier policy also affects the compiler and infra teams</p>



<a name="273159022"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23/near/273159022" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23.html#273159022">(Feb 24 2022 at 22:34)</a>:</h4>
<p>FWIW, I think while r+ rights are not intended, there is some level of ownership expected -- cleanup work, education work, etc. </p>
<p>Expert to me seems likely to preclude people from signing up; I don't know that developer is quite the right fit, but it might be better.</p>



<a name="273159032"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23/near/273159032" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23.html#273159032">(Feb 24 2022 at 22:34)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think no one is all that beholden to a specific name :)</p>



<a name="273159262"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23/near/273159262" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23.html#273159262">(Feb 24 2022 at 22:37)</a>:</h4>
<p>my thought was that we can have the "designated maintainer" role include R+ rights and mean "the person who gets pinged to review the PRs" and have the ping group be the expert group that could include people beyond the designated maintainers</p>



<a name="273159307"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23/near/273159307" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23.html#273159307">(Feb 24 2022 at 22:38)</a>:</h4>
<p>and we could ping the entire group to get ppl to notice when a relevant PR is opened, but rely on the designated maintainers to actually approve it</p>



<a name="273159454"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23/near/273159454" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23.html#273159454">(Feb 24 2022 at 22:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>I would be reluctant to grant random people who happen to volunteer r+ rights as things stand today, I think, particularly since ideally a good bit of their role is actually putting in some educational material so that the review set for a target doesn't <em>have</em> to be 1-2 people</p>



<a name="273160038"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23/near/273160038" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23.html#273160038">(Feb 24 2022 at 22:44)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="116122">simulacrum</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs.2Fmeetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23/near/273159454">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>I would be reluctant to grant random people who happen to volunteer r+ rights as things stand today, I think, particularly since ideally a good bit of their role is actually putting in some educational material so that the review set for a target doesn't <em>have</em> to be 1-2 people</p>
</blockquote>
<p>wdym by the educational materials?</p>



<a name="273160296"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23/near/273160296" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23.html#273160296">(Feb 24 2022 at 22:47)</a>:</h4>
<p>e.g., links to platform-specific docs</p>



<a name="273160382"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23/near/273160382" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23.html#273160382">(Feb 24 2022 at 22:48)</a>:</h4>
<p>aaah</p>



<a name="273160401"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23/near/273160401" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23.html#273160401">(Feb 24 2022 at 22:48)</a>:</h4>
<p>okay, that's fair, ignore my comment about r+ rights</p>



<a name="273160448"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23/near/273160448" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23.html#273160448">(Feb 24 2022 at 22:49)</a>:</h4>
<p>In this particular case, I would like them to-- rather than "just" saying "yeah this looks good, r+" ideally say something like "Yep, the system libs are documented here (link) -- we should also add X."</p>



<a name="273160469"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23/near/273160469" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23.html#273160469">(Feb 24 2022 at 22:49)</a>:</h4>
<p>(and potentially that link should go in the target docs)</p>



<a name="273170498"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23/near/273170498" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23.html#273170498">(Feb 25 2022 at 00:41)</a>:</h4>
<p>so yea, I don't have a really clear idea of what the breakdown should be then between designated maintainer vs designated expert which leads me to the conclusion that we should definitely only have one or the other</p>



<a name="273170578"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23/near/273170578" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23.html#273170578">(Feb 25 2022 at 00:42)</a>:</h4>
<p>though I'm not convinced its worth the effort to update the docs everywhere and change an established name, I think we can just as easily make it clear that when we say "designated maintainer" we mean "maintainer of the downstream platform"</p>



<a name="273171311"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23/near/273171311" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23.html#273171311">(Feb 25 2022 at 00:53)</a>:</h4>
<p>but, I'm fine either way</p>



<a name="273172487"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23/near/273172487" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Triplett <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23.html#273172487">(Feb 25 2022 at 01:09)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="220273">@Jane Lusby [she/her]</span> So, in my opinion, I think we do want a "designated maintainer" as someone who can actually make the platform-specific calls for "yes, that's the right API to use" or "no, don't do it that way".</p>



<a name="273172533"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23/near/273172533" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Triplett <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23.html#273172533">(Feb 25 2022 at 01:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>That may be a <em>subset</em> of the people in a ping group for "hey, could we get someone to look at this please?"</p>



<a name="273172929"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23/near/273172929" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23.html#273172929">(Feb 25 2022 at 01:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yeah, I agree with wanting someone to make those calls. I think it's important to note that person might not have any Rust experience, and may not even really want to look at code necessarily - I think that part is nice to have but API level assessments can happen without Rust knowledge, which may help expand our possible pool.</p>



<a name="273173316"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23/near/273173316" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23.html#273173316">(Feb 25 2022 at 01:23)</a>:</h4>
<p>okay</p>



<a name="273173920"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23/near/273173920" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23.html#273173920">(Feb 25 2022 at 01:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>gonna try summarizing the concerns so far to help arrive at a consensus</p>
<ul>
<li>worried about calling designated maintainer a "maintainer" and having that be confusing and implying r+ rights<ul>
<li>suggested designated expert<ul>
<li>concern over expert causing ppl to feel unqualified and avoid signing up, preference for designated developer</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>wanting to have a someone (unclear on if the terminology here is important) who can make platform specific calls, particularly on api usage, and provide documentation / context on the platforms they represent</li>
<li>wanting to include other stakeholders / users / contributors to platforms to give as many people who want notifications access to them</li>
</ul>



<a name="273173938"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23/near/273173938" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23.html#273173938">(Feb 25 2022 at 01:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>it occurs to me writing this up that the target tier policy includes _requirements_ for how many designated maintainers a platform has to have</p>



<a name="273174003"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23/near/273174003" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23.html#273174003">(Feb 25 2022 at 01:34)</a>:</h4>
<p>so maybe the distinction between the ping group and the people listed in the rustc book's platform support section is that the latter group has a responsibility to show up if nobody else in the ping group does, and if they don't show up they're held accountable / potentially removed as designated maintainers</p>



<a name="273174011"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23/near/273174011" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23.html#273174011">(Feb 25 2022 at 01:34)</a>:</h4>
<p>what do we call the windows ping group?</p>



<a name="273174014"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23/near/273174014" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23.html#273174014">(Feb 25 2022 at 01:34)</a>:</h4>
<p><em>checking</em>(</p>



<a name="273174133"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23/near/273174133" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23.html#273174133">(Feb 25 2022 at 01:36)</a>:</h4>
<p><a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/88924#issuecomment-919311590">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/88924#issuecomment-919311590</a></p>



<a name="273174138"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23/near/273174138" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23.html#273174138">(Feb 25 2022 at 01:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>its just called the "Windows Group"</p>



<a name="273174275"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23/near/273174275" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23.html#273174275">(Feb 25 2022 at 01:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>so, here's my latest attempt to arrive at consensus:</p>
<p>We could have designated maintainers who are on the hook to show up and answer questions and "make calls" and an associated ping group for anyone who wants to get notified about any ongoing work related to that platform</p>



<a name="273174294"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23/near/273174294" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23.html#273174294">(Feb 25 2022 at 01:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>then we could have the ping group be completely open, and let anyone add themselves to the list</p>



<a name="273174369"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23/near/273174369" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23.html#273174369">(Feb 25 2022 at 01:40)</a>:</h4>
<p>that last bit is less important</p>



<a name="273174373"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23/near/273174373" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23.html#273174373">(Feb 25 2022 at 01:40)</a>:</h4>
<p>as long as its well documented how to get on the list and not onerous</p>



<a name="273174397"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23/near/273174397" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23.html#273174397">(Feb 25 2022 at 01:41)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yeah, that makes sense to me. I'm not sure on 'maintainers' vs. something like 'consultants' :)</p>
<p>I think it makes sense for ping groups to be basically free-for-all; the maintainer list is <em>largely</em> similar, I suspect, though there's a higher bar of commitment expected for those positions.</p>



<a name="273174403"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23/near/273174403" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23.html#273174403">(Feb 25 2022 at 01:41)</a>:</h4>
<p>But I don't care about the name that much either.</p>



<a name="273174481"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23/near/273174481" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23.html#273174481">(Feb 25 2022 at 01:42)</a>:</h4>
<p>yea, I don't expect it to matter in practice but I have no strong attachment to calling them "designated maintainers" vs anything else</p>



<a name="273174507"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23/near/273174507" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meetings-2022-02-23.html#273174507">(Feb 25 2022 at 01:43)</a>:</h4>
<p>my only reason for preferring the former is momentum</p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 20:01 UTC</p>
</html>