<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>Meeting-2022-03-09 · t-libs/meetings · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/index.html">t-libs/meetings</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting-2022-03-09.html">Meeting-2022-03-09</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="274057699"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting-2022-03-09/near/274057699" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting-2022-03-09.html#274057699">(Mar 03 2022 at 23:42)</a>:</h4>
<p>Assuming this doesn't get decided on ahead of time, I'd like to make sure we discuss how contributors should contact the libs team on tracking issues where they'd like to initiate an FCP. Based on the discussion in <a href="#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/First.20time.20going.20through.20FCP">https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/First.20time.20going.20through.20FCP</a> and <a href="#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/pinging.20teams.20as.20a.20non.20team.20member">https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/pinging.20teams.20as.20a.20non.20team.20member</a></p>



<a name="274058847"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting-2022-03-09/near/274058847" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Ibraheem Ahmed <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting-2022-03-09.html#274058847">(Mar 03 2022 at 23:57)</a>:</h4>
<p>also <a href="#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/.60swap_unchecked.60/near/273289103">https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/.60swap_unchecked.60/near/273289103</a> :)</p>



<a name="274731635"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting-2022-03-09/near/274731635" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mara <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting-2022-03-09.html#274731635">(Mar 09 2022 at 18:29)</a>:</h4>
<p>I won't be able to make it for the <span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="4493">@T-libs</span> meeting today. The only items on the agenda are left from last week:</p>
<ul>
<li>Backport of  [<a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/94283">94283</a>] <em>remove feature gate in <code>control_flow</code> examples</em> (I personally don't really have an opinion on this one <span aria-label="shrug" class="emoji emoji-1f937" role="img" title="shrug">:shrug:</span>)</li>
</ul>
<p>And three needs-decision that have been open for a while:</p>
<p>- [<a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/87707">87707</a>] <em><code>#[track_caller]</code> for <code>std::sync::Once</code></em><br>
  - [<a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/88025">88025</a>] <em>ScmCredentials netbsd implementation.</em><br>
  - [<a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/91004">91004</a>] <em>Deref documentation: Remove references to "smart pointers"</em></p>
<hr>



<a name="274731789"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting-2022-03-09/near/274731789" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mara <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting-2022-03-09.html#274731789">(Mar 09 2022 at 18:31)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="2645">@T-libs-api</span> meeting at <time datetime="2022-03-09T20:00:00Z">2022-03-09T21:00:00+01:00</time>: agenda: <a href="https://hackmd.io/ZoM7VZPMSoWkEI-e-4YVPQ">https://hackmd.io/ZoM7VZPMSoWkEI-e-4YVPQ</a></p>



<a name="274731804"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting-2022-03-09/near/274731804" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mara <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting-2022-03-09.html#274731804">(Mar 09 2022 at 18:31)</a>:</h4>
<p>(<span class="user-mention" data-user-id="220273">@Jane Lusby [she/her]</span> I added your point from above to this agenda, since it's practically always about FCPs on API tracking issues.)</p>



<a name="274735957"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting-2022-03-09/near/274735957" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting-2022-03-09.html#274735957">(Mar 09 2022 at 19:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>awesome, tyty</p>



<a name="274736746"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting-2022-03-09/near/274736746" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Triplett <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting-2022-03-09.html#274736746">(Mar 09 2022 at 19:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm on the <span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="4493">@T-libs</span> meeting. Anyone else joining?</p>



<a name="274736995"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting-2022-03-09/near/274736995" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting-2022-03-09.html#274736995">(Mar 09 2022 at 19:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>ill hop on</p>



<a name="274738564"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting-2022-03-09/near/274738564" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting-2022-03-09.html#274738564">(Mar 09 2022 at 19:19)</a>:</h4>
<p>for the track_caller issue, that one was implemented this last week and should have been closed already, so I went ahead and closed it</p>



<a name="274738757"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting-2022-03-09/near/274738757" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting-2022-03-09.html#274738757">(Mar 09 2022 at 19:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>for <code>ScmCredentials</code>, I think that one should be blocked on getting a designated maintainer for netbsd sorted and documented, and then let them handle reviewing that implementation. I still haven't gotten a response from the maintainer I pinged a couple weeks ago, I'd like to wait a little longer, I'm thinking 1 month from when I pinged them, before trying to reach out again, at which point I'll probably figure out what mailing list I should be messaging to try to initiate that process again</p>



<a name="274740509"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting-2022-03-09/near/274740509" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting-2022-03-09.html#274740509">(Mar 09 2022 at 19:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>Left a comment on the smart pointer's issue encouraging a PR doing the rewording</p>



<a name="274740516"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting-2022-03-09/near/274740516" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting-2022-03-09.html#274740516">(Mar 09 2022 at 19:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>and we accepted the backport</p>



<a name="274743827"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting-2022-03-09/near/274743827" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mara <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/259402-t-libs/meetings/topic/Meeting-2022-03-09.html#274743827">(Mar 09 2022 at 19:59)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="2645">@T-libs-api</span> meeting time! <a href="https://meet.jit.si/rust-libs-meeting-crxoz2at8hiccp7b3ixf89qgxfymlbwr">https://meet.jit.si/rust-libs-meeting-crxoz2at8hiccp7b3ixf89qgxfymlbwr</a></p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 20:01 UTC</p>
</html>