<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>design meeting · t-compiler/wg-meta · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/index.html">t-compiler/wg-meta</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/design.20meeting.html">design meeting</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="162932744"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/design%20meeting/near/162932744" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/design.20meeting.html#162932744">(Apr 09 2019 at 17:45)</a>:</h4>
<p>I have a vague proposal I've been contemplating. I wanted to shop it around here for a bit of feedback. I've discussed this <em>some</em> with <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="124287">@mw</span> and <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116083">@pnkfelix</span>, so all credit for good ideas goes to then, all blame for bad ones to me. =) </p>
<p>Gist: <a href="https://gist.github.com/nikomatsakis/3afbec52758741727e4535d973bb0667" target="_blank" title="https://gist.github.com/nikomatsakis/3afbec52758741727e4535d973bb0667">https://gist.github.com/nikomatsakis/3afbec52758741727e4535d973bb0667</a></p>
<p>Summary: </p>
<ul>
<li>Hold <strong>regular design meetings</strong> where people can bring proposed<br>
  designs or proposed areas and get feedback.</li>
<li>Meetings are open to all. Key compiler team members are strongly<br>
  encouraged to attend.</li>
<li>Each meeting will decide the topic of the next meeting. To be selected,<br>
  a written proposal must be available for review.</li>
<li>These meetings can be on Zulip or on (recorded) video-conferencing,<br>
  with Zulip being the preferred format.</li>
<li>Major architectural changes to rustc are expected to be discussed in<br>
  this meeting before landing.</li>
</ul>



<a name="162934642"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/design%20meeting/near/162934642" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> davidtwco <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/design.20meeting.html#162934642">(Apr 09 2019 at 18:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>I like the idea. I think it would make sense (so much as is possible) for the topic of any given design meeting to be known in advance so that interested parties can make efforts to attend (as opposed to it being decided then-and-there what the topic is). I think you've more or less said as much in the proposal.</p>



<a name="162944895"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/design%20meeting/near/162944895" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/design.20meeting.html#162944895">(Apr 09 2019 at 20:01)</a>:</h4>
<blockquote>
<p>I think it would make sense (so much as is possible) for the topic of any given design meeting to be known in advance so that interested parties can make efforts to attend (as opposed to it being decided then-and-there what the topic is).</p>
</blockquote>
<p>Yes I feel quite strongly about this. I have tried to bake this into the setup.</p>



<a name="163512242"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/design%20meeting/near/163512242" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/design.20meeting.html#163512242">(Apr 16 2019 at 22:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>So <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="124287">@mw</span> and I were talking about the design meeting ideas. We were thinking specifically that while it makes sense to have the design/steering meetings share a slot, we should be careful not to lose the role that the steering meeting has been playing -- in particular, it's been great for us to have a place to talk about non-technical things, and I'm wary they'll get overlooked if we're not careful.</p>
<p>We were thinking about moving from the 6-week cycle to a 4-week one, like this:</p>
<ul>
<li>Week 1 -- Scheduling meeting</li>
<li>Week 2 -- Design meeting 1</li>
<li>Week 3 -- Design meeting 2</li>
<li>Week 4 -- Steering meeting</li>
</ul>
<p>The idea being that we'll have a scheduling meeting where we either pick <em>one</em> topic to focus on (if it is lengthy and likely to require 2 meetings) or we pick two distinct topics. Then we'll have a steering meeting (we can also schedule its topic at the scheduling meeting).</p>



<a name="163512255"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/design%20meeting/near/163512255" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/design.20meeting.html#163512255">(Apr 16 2019 at 22:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm thinking about trying to write-up an RFC on this topic as well, to capture the sense we had in our last meeting.</p>



<a name="163512268"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/design%20meeting/near/163512268" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/design.20meeting.html#163512268">(Apr 16 2019 at 22:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>cc <span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="1095">@WG-meta</span> <span aria-label="point up" class="emoji emoji-1f446" role="img" title="point up">:point_up:</span></p>



<a name="163512312"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/design%20meeting/near/163512312" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> davidtwco <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/design.20meeting.html#163512312">(Apr 16 2019 at 22:21)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think that makes sense.</p>



<a name="163512315"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/design%20meeting/near/163512315" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/design.20meeting.html#163512315">(Apr 16 2019 at 22:21)</a>:</h4>
<p>One thing we were thinking is that if the scheduling meeting winds up being shorter, that's ok too -- I could imagine that many weeks it won't be so hard to pick the topics.</p>



<a name="163512340"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/design%20meeting/near/163512340" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/design.20meeting.html#163512340">(Apr 16 2019 at 22:21)</a>:</h4>
<p>Which reminsd me I have to check on the comments from the existing contributor RFC</p>



<a name="163516037"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/design%20meeting/near/163516037" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/design.20meeting.html#163516037">(Apr 16 2019 at 23:18)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116009">@nikomatsakis</span> <span aria-label="+1" class="emoji emoji-1f44d" role="img" title="+1">:+1:</span>, I think that's the best approach</p>



<a name="164290139"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/design%20meeting/near/164290139" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/design.20meeting.html#164290139">(Apr 26 2019 at 19:18)</a>:</h4>
<p>So I wrote up an initial procedure for the design meeting: </p>
<p><a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/pull/75" target="_blank" title="https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/pull/75">https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/pull/75</a></p>
<p>I'd like some feedback. In particular, I proposed that people upload proposals as PRs to the compiler-team repository. <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="119009">@eddyb</span> maybe take a look? I know you have a bunch of ideas =)</p>



<a name="164290158"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/design%20meeting/near/164290158" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/design.20meeting.html#164290158">(Apr 26 2019 at 19:19)</a>:</h4>
<p>cc <span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="1095">@WG-meta</span> and <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="124287">@mw</span></p>



<a name="164292562"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/design%20meeting/near/164292562" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/design.20meeting.html#164292562">(Apr 26 2019 at 19:51)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm not sure when we should start this process -- we could start next week, or the week after next.</p>



<a name="164293564"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/design%20meeting/near/164293564" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/design.20meeting.html#164293564">(Apr 26 2019 at 20:03)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116009">@nikomatsakis</span> looks good in my opinion</p>



<a name="164293884"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/design%20meeting/near/164293884" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/design.20meeting.html#164293884">(Apr 26 2019 at 20:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>unsure about proposals as PRs but don't have a strong opinion :)</p>



<a name="164294090"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/design%20meeting/near/164294090" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/design.20meeting.html#164294090">(Apr 26 2019 at 20:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>I guess I didn't make it clear</p>



<a name="164294094"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/design%20meeting/near/164294094" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/design.20meeting.html#164294094">(Apr 26 2019 at 20:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>I would expect to <em>land</em> the proposal</p>



<a name="164294102"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/design%20meeting/near/164294102" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/design.20meeting.html#164294102">(Apr 26 2019 at 20:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>i.e., it's not that they would be lots of pending, open PRs</p>



<a name="164294108"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/design%20meeting/near/164294108" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/design.20meeting.html#164294108">(Apr 26 2019 at 20:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>(like RFCs)</p>



<a name="164294132"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/design%20meeting/near/164294132" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/design.20meeting.html#164294132">(Apr 26 2019 at 20:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>though that also wouldn't be the end of the world, I suppose</p>



<a name="164294143"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/design%20meeting/near/164294143" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/design.20meeting.html#164294143">(Apr 26 2019 at 20:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>but I'd sort of like to keep it so that the total number of PRs open at any time is small</p>



<a name="164294147"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/design%20meeting/near/164294147" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/design.20meeting.html#164294147">(Apr 26 2019 at 20:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>we can alwys change it</p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 20:01 UTC</p>
</html>