<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>meeting 2019.05.30 · t-compiler/wg-meta · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/index.html">t-compiler/wg-meta</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E05.2E30.html">meeting 2019.05.30</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="166931369"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.05.30/near/166931369" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E05.2E30.html#166931369">(May 30 2019 at 18:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hi <span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="1411">@T-lang/WG-meta</span>, quick meeting?</p>



<a name="166931678"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.05.30/near/166931678" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E05.2E30.html#166931678">(May 30 2019 at 18:06)</a>:</h4>
<p>My biggest news is merging the <a href="https://internals.rust-lang.org/t/announcing-the-compiler-contributors-subteam/10300" target="_blank" title="https://internals.rust-lang.org/t/announcing-the-compiler-contributors-subteam/10300">compiler team contributors</a> discussion</p>



<a name="166932365"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.05.30/near/166932365" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E05.2E30.html#166932365">(May 30 2019 at 18:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>guess not so many folks around this week :)</p>



<a name="166932415"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.05.30/near/166932415" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E05.2E30.html#166932415">(May 30 2019 at 18:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>Oh, whoops, I pinged the wrong alias :)</p>



<a name="166932417"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.05.30/near/166932417" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E05.2E30.html#166932417">(May 30 2019 at 18:14)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="1095">@T-compiler/WG-meta</span></p>



<a name="166932420"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.05.30/near/166932420" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E05.2E30.html#166932420">(May 30 2019 at 18:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>dang it</p>



<a name="166932433"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.05.30/near/166932433" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> davidtwco <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E05.2E30.html#166932433">(May 30 2019 at 18:14)</a>:</h4>
<p><span aria-label="wave" class="emoji emoji-1f44b" role="img" title="wave">:wave:</span></p>



<a name="166932511"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.05.30/near/166932511" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E05.2E30.html#166932511">(May 30 2019 at 18:15)</a>:</h4>
<p>I realized something -- does anyone know if we produced any minutes or notes from the meeting about parallel stuff?</p>



<a name="166932531"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.05.30/near/166932531" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> davidtwco <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E05.2E30.html#166932531">(May 30 2019 at 18:15)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm not sure.</p>



<a name="166932539"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.05.30/near/166932539" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E05.2E30.html#166932539">(May 30 2019 at 18:15)</a>:</h4>
<p>I was thinking that it would be pretty plausible to have the role of a meta working group over time just be making sure we do this sort of thing</p>



<a name="166932597"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.05.30/near/166932597" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E05.2E30.html#166932597">(May 30 2019 at 18:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>kind of an "organizational group"</p>



<a name="166932604"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.05.30/near/166932604" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> lwshang <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E05.2E30.html#166932604">(May 30 2019 at 18:16)</a>:</h4>
<blockquote>
<p>I realized something -- does anyone know if we produced any minutes or notes from the meeting about parallel stuff?</p>
</blockquote>
<p>I don't think so.</p>



<a name="166932615"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.05.30/near/166932615" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E05.2E30.html#166932615">(May 30 2019 at 18:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>yeah, probably not</p>



<a name="166932628"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.05.30/near/166932628" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> lwshang <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E05.2E30.html#166932628">(May 30 2019 at 18:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>I can help on it.</p>



<a name="166932677"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.05.30/near/166932677" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> lwshang <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E05.2E30.html#166932677">(May 30 2019 at 18:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>The <a class="stream" data-stream-id="187679" href="/#narrow/stream/187679-t-compiler.2Fwg-parallel-rustc">#t-compiler/wg-parallel-rustc</a> stream has been silent for a while.</p>



<a name="166932721"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.05.30/near/166932721" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> lwshang <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E05.2E30.html#166932721">(May 30 2019 at 18:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>Waited for Niko coming back to lead it. <span aria-label="big smile" class="emoji emoji-1f604" role="img" title="big smile">:big_smile:</span></p>



<a name="166932773"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.05.30/near/166932773" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E05.2E30.html#166932773">(May 30 2019 at 18:18)</a>:</h4>
<p><span aria-label="hi" class="emoji emoji-1f44b" role="img" title="hi">:hi:</span></p>



<a name="166932806"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.05.30/near/166932806" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E05.2E30.html#166932806">(May 30 2019 at 18:18)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="220056">@lwshang</span> yeah it's on my list to catch up there...</p>



<a name="166932940"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.05.30/near/166932940" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E05.2E30.html#166932940">(May 30 2019 at 18:20)</a>:</h4>
<blockquote>
<p>I was thinking that it would be pretty plausible to have the role of a meta working group over time just be making sure we do this sort of thing</p>
</blockquote>
<p>I'm curious what people think of this. I've generally had the feeling like we shouldn't have a dedicated group for this sort of thing, but try to share the load more evenly -- otoh, trying to have a dedicated group of people trying to ensure things are documented and communicated may be a more effective way of actually getting it done. I guess it feels related to documentation etc to me but is potentially distinct -- I could imagine such a group also helping to e.g. run triage meetings and things</p>



<a name="166932967"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.05.30/near/166932967" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E05.2E30.html#166932967">(May 30 2019 at 18:21)</a>:</h4>
<p>Anyway I guess let's do a quick glance over PRs/issues on the compiler-team repo</p>



<a name="166932995"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.05.30/near/166932995" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> davidtwco <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E05.2E30.html#166932995">(May 30 2019 at 18:21)</a>:</h4>
<p>I don't mind the idea.</p>



<a name="166932998"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.05.30/near/166932998" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E05.2E30.html#166932998">(May 30 2019 at 18:21)</a>:</h4>
<p>Add notes for the triage meeting on 2019-05-23 <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/96" target="_blank" title="https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/96">compiler-team#96</a>  - I think I'll just merg this</p>



<a name="166933069"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.05.30/near/166933069" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E05.2E30.html#166933069">(May 30 2019 at 18:22)</a>:</h4>
<blockquote>
<p>Add a repository for cargo-lockfile-sync <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/89" target="_blank" title="https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/89">compiler-team#89</a></p>
</blockquote>



<a name="166933077"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.05.30/near/166933077" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E05.2E30.html#166933077">(May 30 2019 at 18:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>looks like we can merge that</p>



<a name="166933083"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.05.30/near/166933083" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E05.2E30.html#166933083">(May 30 2019 at 18:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>cc <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="124288">@oli</span> -- FCP ended on the above</p>



<a name="166933117"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.05.30/near/166933117" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E05.2E30.html#166933117">(May 30 2019 at 18:23)</a>:</h4>
<blockquote>
<p>[WIP] Create static web page for the compiler team with zola <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/83" target="_blank" title="https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/83">compiler-team#83</a></p>
</blockquote>



<a name="166933142"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.05.30/near/166933142" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E05.2E30.html#166933142">(May 30 2019 at 18:23)</a>:</h4>
<p>last update from <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="217515">@Federico Carrone</span> is that this is still WIP, which is fine</p>



<a name="166933156"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.05.30/near/166933156" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E05.2E30.html#166933156">(May 30 2019 at 18:24)</a>:</h4>
<blockquote>
<p>[WIP] Add missing directories to experts map <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/95" target="_blank" title="https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/95">compiler-team#95</a></p>
</blockquote>



<a name="166933216"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.05.30/near/166933216" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E05.2E30.html#166933216">(May 30 2019 at 18:24)</a>:</h4>
<p>not a lot of contributions there, maybe I'll mark out some time to jump in</p>



<a name="166933261"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.05.30/near/166933261" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E05.2E30.html#166933261">(May 30 2019 at 18:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm going to open an issue to add minutes from the parallel meeting</p>



<a name="166933278"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.05.30/near/166933278" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E05.2E30.html#166933278">(May 30 2019 at 18:25)</a>:</h4>
<blockquote>
<p>not a lot of contributions there, maybe I'll mark out some time to jump in</p>
</blockquote>
<p>yeah :(</p>



<a name="166933350"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.05.30/near/166933350" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E05.2E30.html#166933350">(May 30 2019 at 18:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>I've tried to encourage people by opening a thread in t-compiler/help twice but not a lot of engagement unfortunately :(</p>



<a name="166933369"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.05.30/near/166933369" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E05.2E30.html#166933369">(May 30 2019 at 18:26)</a>:</h4>
<blockquote>
<p>I don't mind the idea.</p>
</blockquote>
<p>Yeah, I kind of like it. It'd be interesting to try and clarify what the scope should be.</p>



<a name="166933521"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.05.30/near/166933521" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E05.2E30.html#166933521">(May 30 2019 at 18:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>Filed <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/98" target="_blank" title="https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/98">https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/98</a> -- <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="220056">@lwshang</span> did you want to create a minutes file for that meeting? If so, maybe leave a comment in the issue. I don't think it needs to be super detailed. Linking to the zulip topic and taking a note of the major conclusions probably suffices.</p>



<a name="166933545"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.05.30/near/166933545" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E05.2E30.html#166933545">(May 30 2019 at 18:29)</a>:</h4>
<p>I gotta run to another meeting but thanks for your time y'all :)</p>



<a name="166933732"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.05.30/near/166933732" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> lwshang <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E05.2E30.html#166933732">(May 30 2019 at 18:31)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm very glad to take the job. Since I haven't done this before, may I have some thing as a reference?</p>



<a name="166935858"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.05.30/near/166935858" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> lwshang <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E05.2E30.html#166935858">(May 30 2019 at 18:56)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm looking through the "minutes" in the repo, there are some for <code>steering-meeting</code> and <code>triage-meeting</code>. For the minutes I'm going to draft,  should I create a separate folder for it? Since the topic was <code>parallel-rustc</code> but it happened on the main stream <code>t-compiler</code>, what name should I have for the folder?</p>



<a name="166939492"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.05.30/near/166939492" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> davidtwco <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E05.2E30.html#166939492">(May 30 2019 at 19:40)</a>:</h4>
<p>It should go in the <code>working-groups/parallel-rustc/notes.md</code> file (or thereabouts).</p>



<a name="166941396"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.05.30/near/166941396" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E05.2E30.html#166941396">(May 30 2019 at 20:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>I was debating about this =)</p>



<a name="166941410"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.05.30/near/166941410" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E05.2E30.html#166941410">(May 30 2019 at 20:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>either is fine I suppose</p>



<a name="166941427"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.05.30/near/166941427" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E05.2E30.html#166941427">(May 30 2019 at 20:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>we should perhaps keep some kind of log of design meetings and where their minutes wound up though</p>



<a name="166942113"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.05.30/near/166942113" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> lwshang <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E05.2E30.html#166942113">(May 30 2019 at 20:14)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116009">@nikomatsakis</span>  I just sent a PR. Would you like to review and give me some feed back? It's shorter than I expected.</p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 20:01 UTC</p>
</html>