<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>meeting 2019.04.11 · t-compiler/wg-meta · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/index.html">t-compiler/wg-meta</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html">meeting 2019.04.11</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="163122106"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163122106" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163122106">(Apr 11 2019 at 17:51)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hi <span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="1095">@WG-meta</span> -- meeting in 10 minutes.</p>



<a name="163122638"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163122638" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163122638">(Apr 11 2019 at 17:58)</a>:</h4>
<p>I created a <a href="https://github.com/nikomatsakis/rfcs/blob/compiler-team-regulars/text/0000-compiler-team-contributors.md" target="_blank" title="https://github.com/nikomatsakis/rfcs/blob/compiler-team-regulars/text/0000-compiler-team-contributors.md">rough draft of the "compiler team contributors" RFC</a></p>



<a name="163122688"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163122688" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163122688">(Apr 11 2019 at 17:59)</a>:</h4>
<p><a href="https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/meta-working-group-planning--AbBuJSvNppbvqrhn5C~kC1fuAg-09U5endyK7vaoQhaiQ7TI" target="_blank" title="https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/meta-working-group-planning--AbBuJSvNppbvqrhn5C~kC1fuAg-09U5endyK7vaoQhaiQ7TI">Meta working planning document</a></p>



<a name="163122941"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163122941" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163122941">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:01)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116009">@nikomatsakis</span> (reading the rfc draft) yep, write access is required to relabel issues/prs</p>



<a name="163123031"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163123031" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163123031">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:02)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116009">@nikomatsakis</span> do we have an agenda or something for the meeting?</p>



<a name="163123044"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163123044" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> davidtwco <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163123044">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>Have you ditched the idea of having a "in-training/mentorship" process for becoming a compiler team member?</p>



<a name="163123051"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163123051" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163123051">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>on top of Rust Latam I was a bit absent in general on this WG</p>



<a name="163123055"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163123055" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163123055">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:03)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116107">@davidtwco</span> I did not</p>



<a name="163123068"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163123068" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163123068">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>but I didn't include it in the RFC either ;)</p>



<a name="163123073"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163123073" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163123073">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>would be great to have a quick update</p>



<a name="163123086"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163123086" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163123086">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>Well, I also feel a bit confused :)</p>



<a name="163123092"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163123092" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163123092">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>on what's the status of things and what we are working on</p>



<a name="163123093"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163123093" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163123093">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>:)</p>



<a name="163123098"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163123098" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163123098">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>so maybe we can start by trying to define our goals :P</p>



<a name="163123101"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163123101" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163123101">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>let's be all confused together then :P</p>



<a name="163123108"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163123108" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163123108">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>seems like a good idea :)</p>



<a name="163123174"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163123174" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> davidtwco <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163123174">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:04)</a>:</h4>
<blockquote>
<p>but I didn't include it in the RFC either ;)</p>
</blockquote>
<p>That's why I asked.</p>



<a name="163123212"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163123212" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> davidtwco <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163123212">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>Other than that part (which I don't disagree with, just wasn't what I was expecting), I like the RFC draft.</p>



<a name="163123222"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163123222" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163123222">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>We've basically been pursuing a few things thus far:</p>
<ul>
<li>setting up the working group "infrastructure"</li>
<li>trying to define policies for various scenarios</li>
<li>trying to create  more structure in the compiler team membership</li>
</ul>



<a name="163123255"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163123255" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163123255">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>(Sound about right?)</p>



<a name="163123296"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163123296" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163123296">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:06)</a>:</h4>
<p>my sense is that there are some remaining things to do with all of these</p>



<a name="163123348"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163123348" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163123348">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:06)</a>:</h4>
<p>we've made pretty good progress on the WG infrastructure,</p>



<a name="163123391"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163123391" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> davidtwco <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163123391">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:06)</a>:</h4>
<p>I've just remembered that <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="124287">@mw</span> was compiling a list of tasks that they did to set up their out-of-tree crate.</p>



<a name="163123403"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163123403" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> davidtwco <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163123403">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:06)</a>:</h4>
<p>I should take a look at that.</p>



<a name="163123408"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163123408" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> davidtwco <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163123408">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:06)</a>:</h4>
<p>Oops.</p>



<a name="163123417"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163123417" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163123417">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:06)</a>:</h4>
<p>but there are a few things we don't have:</p>
<ul>
<li>documentation and advice for how to "run" a working group</li>
<li>I think we need some kind of blog or better place to advertise updates (the triage meeting + minutes may help here)</li>
</ul>



<a name="163123444"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163123444" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163123444">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>plus I think that we need to gain experience with WGs, but that takes a bit of time</p>



<a name="163123453"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163123453" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163123453">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>finally, I think there are probably some kind of meetings that are not strictly WG but which may be useful</p>



<a name="163123467"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163123467" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163123467">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>e.g., my recent <a href="https://gist.github.com/nikomatsakis/3afbec52758741727e4535d973bb0667" target="_blank" title="https://gist.github.com/nikomatsakis/3afbec52758741727e4535d973bb0667">proposal for a design meeting</a></p>



<a name="163123481"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163123481" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163123481">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>we had planned tomorrow at the steering meeting to cover a bit of the WG review + design meeting</p>



<a name="163123538"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163123538" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163123538">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>does it also worth to talk about the documentation WG?</p>



<a name="163123567"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163123567" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163123567">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>good question, I'm trying to think how that fits into my breakdown :)</p>



<a name="163123585"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163123585" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163123585">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>I feel like that is kind of "figuring out what the right set of working groups are", and it does't <em>quite</em> feel like our job here</p>



<a name="163123618"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163123618" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163123618">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>(but it could well be a good thing to talk about at the steering meeting, or just in general)</p>



<a name="163123641"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163123641" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163123641">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>(I view this meeting as more about setting up the <em>structure</em>)</p>



<a name="163123714"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163123714" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163123714">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>feel free to tell me if that seems wrong :)</p>



<a name="163123734"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163123734" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> davidtwco <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163123734">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>I agree.</p>



<a name="163123772"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163123772" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163123772">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok, so let's defer that for a bit</p>



<a name="163123799"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163123799" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163123799">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>so the second bullet point:</p>
<p># policies for common scenarios</p>



<a name="163123809"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163123809" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163123809">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>here we focused on the out-of-tree policy and the policy for creating WGs</p>



<a name="163123824"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163123824" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163123824">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>(ps, I'll try to update the meta WG planning paper in a bit)</p>



<a name="163123835"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163123835" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163123835">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>(that is, try to take some of what we're saying here and get that in there...)</p>



<a name="163123888"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163123888" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163123888">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>it seems clear that there are more policies around :)</p>



<a name="163123907"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163123907" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163123907">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>e.g., I think it'd be useful to spend time doing things like:</p>
<ul>
<li>writing out how the triage meeting works, and the backport process, etc</li>
</ul>



<a name="163123929"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163123929" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163123929">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>though i'm not sure if I'd call it the top priority</p>



<a name="163123938"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163123938" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> davidtwco <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163123938">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:12)</a>:</h4>
<blockquote>
<p>e.g., I think it'd be useful to spend time doing things like:</p>
<ul>
<li>writing out how the triage meeting works, and the backport process, etc</li>
</ul>
</blockquote>
<p>Triage meeting already has some documentation in the compiler-team repository.</p>



<a name="163123941"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163123941" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163123941">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>(also not super hard)</p>



<a name="163123947"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163123947" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163123947">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>ah, ok</p>



<a name="163123978"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163123978" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163123978">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>I guess the tl;dr is that I <em>think</em> at the moment I don't see more policies we should document beyond the out-of-tree crate thing, except as part of making other changes</p>



<a name="163123993"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163123993" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> davidtwco <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163123993">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:13)</a>:</h4>
<p><a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/blob/master/about/triage-meeting.md" target="_blank" title="https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/blob/master/about/triage-meeting.md">here</a> - it isn't very much, granted.</p>



<a name="163123997"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163123997" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163123997">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>but I'm maybe overlooking things</p>



<a name="163124017"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163124017" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163124017">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:13)</a>:</h4>
<blockquote>
<p><a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/blob/master/about/triage-meeting.md" target="_blank" title="https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/blob/master/about/triage-meeting.md">here</a> - it isn't very much, granted.</p>
</blockquote>
<p>ah, yes.</p>



<a name="163124069"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163124069" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163124069">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>I mean it is probably enough</p>



<a name="163124077"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163124077" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163124077">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>not clear how much value there is in writing <em>everything</em> down</p>



<a name="163124079"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163124079" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> davidtwco <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163124079">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>I can't think of anything that's particularly important to document that we haven't already.</p>



<a name="163124089"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163124089" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163124089">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>I was a bit absent when you defined the out-of-tree crate thing, is there stuff to read to catch up?</p>



<a name="163124117"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163124117" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> davidtwco <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163124117">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:14)</a>:</h4>
<blockquote>
<p>I was a bit absent when you defined the out-of-tree crate thing, is there stuff to read to catch up?</p>
</blockquote>
<p><a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/blob/master/procedures/crates.md" target="_blank" title="https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/blob/master/procedures/crates.md">this document</a> has the current state of it.</p>



<a name="163124148"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163124148" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163124148">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:15)</a>:</h4>
<p>so that leaves us with the final item</p>



<a name="163124159"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163124159" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163124159">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:15)</a>:</h4>
<blockquote>
<p>trying to create more structure in the compiler team membership</p>
</blockquote>



<a name="163124175"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163124175" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163124175">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:15)</a>:</h4>
<p>this is where, for starters, my proposed RFC fits in, as it adds a level ("contributor")</p>



<a name="163124245"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163124245" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163124245">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>the RFC also leaves a few questions -- e.g., should we have a 'senior level', or other distinctions</p>



<a name="163124247"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163124247" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163124247">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>but I'm inclined to do the simplest thing to start</p>



<a name="163124281"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163124281" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163124281">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>in a (more complete) answer to your question <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116107">@davidtwco</span> , I did not give up on the idea of active mentoring, but I wanted to start with this, beacuse I have a big set of people I want to nominate for this role :)</p>



<a name="163124287"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163124287" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163124287">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>and then I thought we could layer the active mentoring on top</p>



<a name="163124290"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163124290" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163124290">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>yes, this could start simple and keep improving</p>



<a name="163124292"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163124292" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163124292">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>since that will have a more restrictred capacity (by design)</p>



<a name="163124318"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163124318" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> davidtwco <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163124318">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>I like your RFC, there are only two places I'd have any comments or suggestions:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>Once a working group participant has been contributing regularly for some time, they can be promoted to the level of a <strong>compiler team contributor</strong>.</p>
</blockquote>
<p>I don't think we should define what "regular" is, but we should set some loose expectations for how "regular".</p>
<blockquote>
<p>As a contributor gains in experience, they may be asked to become a <strong>compiler team member</strong>.</p>
</blockquote>
<p>I liked the active mentoring ideas we had for this part of the process.</p>



<a name="163124332"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163124332" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> davidtwco <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163124332">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>(I wrote the above before you sent your message)</p>



<a name="163124344"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163124344" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> davidtwco <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163124344">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think it makes sense to start with something a bit smaller in scope.</p>



<a name="163124363"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163124363" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163124363">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think we can leave it as a "planned future extension"</p>



<a name="163124411"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163124411" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163124411">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:18)</a>:</h4>
<p>the active mentoring specifically</p>



<a name="163124433"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163124433" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> davidtwco <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163124433">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:18)</a>:</h4>
<blockquote>
<p>I think we can leave it as a "planned future extension"</p>
</blockquote>
<p>I agree, that makes sense.</p>



<a name="163124435"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163124435" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163124435">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:18)</a>:</h4>
<p>but we should get started now on planning it :)</p>



<a name="163124450"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163124450" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163124450">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:18)</a>:</h4>
<p>remember me what are you talking about when you say active mentorship :)</p>



<a name="163124468"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163124468" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163124468">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:18)</a>:</h4>
<blockquote>
<p>I can't think of anything that's particularly important to document that we haven't already.</p>
</blockquote>
<p>jumping back to this -- processes -- I guess the main thing I would include here that probalby IS worth trying to write down is "how WGs typically work" or "advice for running a WG"</p>



<a name="163124477"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163124477" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163124477">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:18)</a>:</h4>
<p>in general I agree with the baby steps way of moving forward, try the idea and keep improving and making the thing more complex :)</p>



<a name="163124521"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163124521" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163124521">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:19)</a>:</h4>
<blockquote>
<p>remember me what are you talking about when you say active mentorship :)</p>
</blockquote>
<p>take a look at <a href="https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Journeypeople-a-draft--AbAFU4~pJslM3tvrgMKNynkwAg-9R3LG9ePN9UMHYJEd2vvD#:uid=104627080600552769488873&amp;h2=Path-to-membership-(draft)" target="_blank" title="https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Journeypeople-a-draft--AbAFU4~pJslM3tvrgMKNynkwAg-9R3LG9ePN9UMHYJEd2vvD#:uid=104627080600552769488873&amp;h2=Path-to-membership-(draft)">the "member in training" text here</a>, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116266">@Santiago Pastorino</span></p>



<a name="163124535"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163124535" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> davidtwco <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163124535">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:19)</a>:</h4>
<blockquote>
<p>remember me what are you talking about when you say active mentorship <span aria-label="slight smile" class="emoji emoji-1f642" role="img" title="slight smile">:slight_smile:</span></p>
</blockquote>
<p>tl;dr A process whereby to become a compiler team member, someone on the team already nominates you, other members of the team agree, and they then mentor you through the responsibilities of team membership and in general compiler work for some period of time until you're deemed ready.</p>



<a name="163124640"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163124640" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> davidtwco <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163124640">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:20)</a>:</h4>
<blockquote>
<p>jumping back to this -- processes -- I guess the main thing I would include here that probalby IS worth trying to write down is "how WGs typically work" or "advice for running a WG"</p>
</blockquote>
<p>I'm not convinced there's a lot we can do about this right now until we've got some more experience seeing what works with the WGs we have.</p>



<a name="163124642"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163124642" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163124642">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>so considering everything the path is ... contributor -&gt; in training (where you have a mentor) -&gt; member, is that right?</p>



<a name="163124751"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163124751" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163124751">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok so I think this leaves us with the following "active work items" at the moment?</p>
<ul>
<li>finish up the out-of-tree crate policy</li>
<li>contributor RFC</li>
<li>planning for mentorship RFC</li>
<li>design meeting -- waiting for discussion tomorrow</li>
<li>document "how to run a WG" -- waiting a bit for more experience</li>
</ul>



<a name="163124752"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163124752" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> davidtwco <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163124752">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:22)</a>:</h4>
<blockquote>
<p>the RFC also leaves a few questions -- e.g., should we have a 'senior level', or other distinctions</p>
</blockquote>
<p>I have some thoughts about whether their should or shouldn't be a"senior level" but it's probably more tied into the active mentoring discussion.</p>



<a name="163124763"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163124763" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163124763">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>yes, I see a relationship between them too</p>



<a name="163124819"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163124819" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163124819">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:23)</a>:</h4>
<p>in particular i"m not sure if being a member should involve more responsibilities (e.g., to mentor, lead, etc) than it presently does</p>



<a name="163124835"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163124835" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163124835">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:23)</a>:</h4>
<p>I am inclined move a bit slowly there</p>



<a name="163124919"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163124919" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> davidtwco <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163124919">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:24)</a>:</h4>
<blockquote>
<p>in particular i"m not sure if being a member should involve more responsibilities (e.g., to mentor, lead, etc) than it presently does</p>
</blockquote>
<p>with mentoring/leading specifically: I think it should be encouraged but I wouldn't want to force anyone into that if they didn't want to/didn't have time/aren't comfortable doing so. At the very least, if they're asked about something (being on the team and all) then they could point that person towards someone else who would know.</p>



<a name="163124928"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163124928" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163124928">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:24)</a>:</h4>
<blockquote>
<p>yes, I see a relationship between them too</p>
</blockquote>
<p>agree on this too :)</p>



<a name="163124994"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163124994" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163124994">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>my hunch is that the "members" will naturally start to subdivide into more categories and roles</p>



<a name="163125018"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163125018" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163125018">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>e.g., hackers, organizers, mentors, etc</p>



<a name="163125027"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163125027" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163125027">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>yep</p>



<a name="163125036"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163125036" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163125036">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>but it may or may not ever be worth trying to formalize that</p>



<a name="163125044"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163125044" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163125044">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>and if so, probably better to do it a bit after the fact</p>



<a name="163125053"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163125053" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163125053">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>this might be more like the "expert map"</p>



<a name="163125099"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163125099" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163125099">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>I guess the part of being active can be judged by different parameters</p>



<a name="163125105"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163125105" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163125105">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>i.e., you can opt-in to place yourself in whatever categories you like</p>



<a name="163125124"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163125124" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163125124">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>some people may contribute code but some other may just mentor people</p>



<a name="163125126"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163125126" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163125126">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>I <em>do</em> think it's worth us talking about these activities a bit more explicitly</p>



<a name="163125130"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163125130" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163125130">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>it's something that I hint at in my RFC</p>



<a name="163125131"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163125131" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163125131">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>but I want to do more</p>



<a name="163125148"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163125148" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163125148">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>in part because I think we need to start actively reaching out to folks</p>



<a name="163125156"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163125156" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> davidtwco <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163125156">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think letting people set a "subtitle" of sorts under their name wherever their membership is listed could be enough initially for people to advertise the ways in which they are involved and what sorts of things they do.</p>



<a name="163125158"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163125158" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163125158">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>who are interested in helping with non-coding activities</p>



<a name="163125227"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163125227" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163125227">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:27)</a>:</h4>
<p>(which relates, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116266">@Santiago Pastorino</span>, to the doc wg)</p>



<a name="163125247"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163125247" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163125247">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:27)</a>:</h4>
<p>yes</p>



<a name="163125248"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163125248" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163125248">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:27)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok so anyway I have to run</p>



<a name="163125254"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163125254" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163125254">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:27)</a>:</h4>
<p>for this coming week, can we pick a few things to do?</p>



<a name="163125257"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163125257" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163125257">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:27)</a>:</h4>
<p>I see one:</p>
<ul>
<li>create a summary of this meeting :)</li>
</ul>



<a name="163125311"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163125311" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> davidtwco <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163125311">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:28)</a>:</h4>
<blockquote>
<p>ok so I think this leaves us with the following "active work items" at the moment?</p>
<ul>
<li>finish up the out-of-tree crate policy</li>
<li>contributor RFC</li>
<li>planning for mentorship RFC</li>
<li>design meeting -- waiting for discussion tomorrow</li>
<li>document "how to run a WG" -- waiting a bit for more experience</li>
</ul>
</blockquote>



<a name="163125326"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163125326" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163125326">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:28)</a>:</h4>
<ul>
<li>review the contributor RFC and offer comments? should I move the draft somewhere, or just leave it in my fork?</li>
</ul>



<a name="163125337"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163125337" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163125337">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>yeah I'm trying to get a bit more specific within that bullet list</p>



<a name="163125341"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163125341" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> davidtwco <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163125341">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>We can divvy these up among us.</p>



<a name="163125366"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163125366" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> davidtwco <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163125366">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:29)</a>:</h4>
<p>I suppose the second and third items are quite broad and the fourth and fifth are just waiting.</p>



<a name="163125385"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163125385" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163125385">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:29)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116107">@davidtwco</span> do you know what to finish for out-of-tree policy? is that actionable?</p>



<a name="163125421"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163125421" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163125421">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:29)</a>:</h4>
<blockquote>
<ul>
<li>review the contributor RFC and offer comments? should I move the draft somewhere, or just leave it in my fork?</li>
</ul>
</blockquote>
<p>this is something both of y'all can do :)</p>



<a name="163125462"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163125462" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> davidtwco <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163125462">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:30)</a>:</h4>
<p>To the best of my knowledge, all that it needs is some more detail, based on <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="124287">@mw</span>'s experience with the measureme crate. I can chat with them and try incorporate some of their experience into the policy.</p>



<a name="163125490"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163125490" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163125490">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:30)</a>:</h4>
<p>anyway, I'm going to start walking home, but feel free to keep talking, or we can discuss a bit async the work items, or get to it next week</p>



<a name="163125497"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163125497" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163125497">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:30)</a>:</h4>
<p>this was very productive for coming up with a roadmap anyway</p>



<a name="163125504"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163125504" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> davidtwco <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163125504">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:30)</a>:</h4>
<blockquote>
<blockquote>
<ul>
<li>review the contributor RFC and offer comments? should I move the draft somewhere, or just leave it in my fork?</li>
</ul>
</blockquote>
<p>this is something both of y'all can do <span aria-label="slight smile" class="emoji emoji-1f642" role="img" title="slight smile">:slight_smile:</span></p>
</blockquote>
<p>I don't think we can easily make comments on the fork.</p>



<a name="163125517"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163125517" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163125517">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:30)</a>:</h4>
<p>I will open a PR on .. the compiler-team repo?</p>



<a name="163125528"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163125528" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163125528">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:30)</a>:</h4>
<p>I can make a "draft rfc" section</p>



<a name="163125531"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163125531" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> davidtwco <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163125531">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:30)</a>:</h4>
<p>That or a paper document.</p>



<a name="163125533"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163125533" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163125533">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:30)</a>:</h4>
<p>then you can comment on the PR easily</p>



<a name="163125539"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163125539" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163125539">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:30)</a>:</h4>
<p>paper is a pain to export from, I've found</p>



<a name="163125549"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163125549" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163125549">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:31)</a>:</h4>
<p>the markdown is not as clean as you might like</p>



<a name="163125561"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163125561" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163125561">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:31)</a>:</h4>
<p>I could do hackmd</p>



<a name="163125568"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163125568" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> davidtwco <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163125568">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:31)</a>:</h4>
<p>PR on compiler-team repo sounds good.</p>



<a name="163125569"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163125569" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163125569">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:31)</a>:</h4>
<p>anyway I'll do <em>something</em></p>



<a name="163125580"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163125580" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163125580">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:31)</a>:</h4>
<p>we can comment on the branch too or the commit that lead to that doc</p>



<a name="163125593"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163125593" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163125593">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:31)</a>:</h4>
<p>doesn't need to have a PR</p>



<a name="163125596"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163125596" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163125596">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:31)</a>:</h4>
<p>but whatever :)</p>



<a name="163125603"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163125603" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> davidtwco <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163125603">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:31)</a>:</h4>
<p>I tried to find a way to comment on the commit because I've seen it done before but couldn't find it.</p>



<a name="163125664"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163125664" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> davidtwco <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163125664">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:32)</a>:</h4>
<p>There probably is and I missed it.</p>



<a name="163125739"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163125739" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163125739">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:33)</a>:</h4>
<p><a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/commit/d81ffb0b2b6f10461c86482c068ed5679fa2b96a#diff-a7165cb4c579024c289a5143f071e08dR14" target="_blank" title="https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/commit/d81ffb0b2b6f10461c86482c068ed5679fa2b96a#diff-a7165cb4c579024c289a5143f071e08dR14">https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/commit/d81ffb0b2b6f10461c86482c068ed5679fa2b96a#diff-a7165cb4c579024c289a5143f071e08dR14</a></p>



<a name="163125782"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163125782" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163125782">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>go there and check between line numbers and text, once you hover that area a blue + sign will show up</p>



<a name="163125799"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163125799" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> davidtwco <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163125799">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>Huh, that wasn't showing up for me before. Odd.</p>



<a name="163125882"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163125882" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163125882">(Apr 11 2019 at 18:34)</a>:</h4>
<p>that's in the commit url and not in the branch url</p>



<a name="163169603"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163169603" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> mw <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163169603">(Apr 12 2019 at 08:24)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116107">@davidtwco</span> here are the notes that <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="125250">@Wesley Wiser</span> and I took while setting up the <code>measureme</code> out-of-tree crate: <a href="https://hackmd.io/JnY4TBjoRi-sZrj320ntcg" target="_blank" title="https://hackmd.io/JnY4TBjoRi-sZrj320ntcg">https://hackmd.io/JnY4TBjoRi-sZrj320ntcg</a></p>



<a name="163169865"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163169865" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> davidtwco <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163169865">(Apr 12 2019 at 08:29)</a>:</h4>
<p>Thanks, I'll take a look.</p>



<a name="163213031"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163213031" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163213031">(Apr 12 2019 at 18:08)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116107">@davidtwco</span> something I remembered -- I think we should also make sure to modify our triage links and things to search across the whole github org</p>



<a name="163213039"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163213039" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163213039">(Apr 12 2019 at 18:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>which implies we ought to create <code>T-compiler</code> and <code>P-high</code> labels, etc</p>



<a name="163216134"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163216134" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> davidtwco <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163216134">(Apr 12 2019 at 18:45)</a>:</h4>
<p>That's a good idea, what repos would we want them on?</p>



<a name="163262470"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202019.04.11/near/163262470" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E11.html#163262470">(Apr 13 2019 at 11:57)</a>:</h4>
<p>I imagine any T-compiler related repository</p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 20:01 UTC</p>
</html>