<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>meeting 2020.04.02 · t-compiler/wg-meta · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/index.html">t-compiler/wg-meta</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html">meeting 2020.04.02</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="192704276"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192704276" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192704276">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hey <span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="1095">@T-compiler/WG-meta</span> -- meeting time =)</p>



<a name="192704285"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192704285" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192704285">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:04)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="1095">@T-compiler/WG-meta</span> <span aria-label="wave" class="emoji emoji-1f44b" role="img" title="wave">:wave:</span></p>



<a name="192704297"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192704297" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192704297">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>ohhh :)</p>



<a name="192704318"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192704318" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> DPC <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192704318">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:04)</a>:</h4>
<p><span aria-label="wave" class="emoji emoji-1f44b" role="img" title="wave">:wave:</span></p>



<a name="192704471"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192704471" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192704471">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm not sure what folks have on <em>their</em> minds, I'd like to maybe use this time to move that <a href="https://hackmd.io/VhVSTwgiTcmEslbpC7qCOQ" title="https://hackmd.io/VhVSTwgiTcmEslbpC7qCOQ">Major Change Proposal RFC</a> to "completion" status</p>



<a name="192704542"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192704542" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192704542">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:06)</a>:</h4>
<p>Did we ever post a status update in the compiler team meeting this morning? I've been "on the go" since it ended and haven't had a chance to check :)</p>



<a name="192704556"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192704556" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192704556">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:06)</a>:</h4>
<p>I have another thing also, but maybe moving that forward is the best thing to do</p>



<a name="192704584"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192704584" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192704584">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:06)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="116009">nikomatsakis</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02/near/192704542" title="#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02/near/192704542">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>Did we ever post a status update in the compiler team meeting this morning? I've been "on the go" since it ended and haven't had a chance to check :)</p>
</blockquote>
<p>we did</p>



<a name="192704592"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192704592" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192704592">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:06)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="116266">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02/near/192704556" title="#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02/near/192704556">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>I have another thing also, but maybe moving that forward is the best thing to do</p>
</blockquote>
<p>what's the other thing?</p>



<a name="192704601"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192704601" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192704601">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:06)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm not sure if there are really any <em>open questions</em> left for the MCP RFC</p>



<a name="192704653"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192704653" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192704653">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>I've mentioned it last meeting</p>



<a name="192704663"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192704663" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192704663">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>the ideas stated in <a class="stream-topic" data-stream-id="131828" href="/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/active.20working.20groups">#t-compiler &gt; active working groups</a></p>



<a name="192704712"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192704712" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192704712">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:07)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="124288">@oli</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/weekly.20meeting.202020-04-02.20.2354818/near/192702431" title="#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/weekly.20meeting.202020-04-02.20.2354818/near/192702431">mentioned today</a> that they don't know what "next steps" are for a MCP</p>



<a name="192704719"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192704719" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192704719">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>in particular, I've summarized stuff here <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/264" title="https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/264">compiler-team#264</a></p>



<a name="192704776"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192704776" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192704776">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>but that could be because the RFC itself hasn't been merged</p>



<a name="192704876"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192704876" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192704876">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm writing some quick motivation on the RFC as we talk</p>



<a name="192704897"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192704897" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192704897">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm skimming over <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/264" title="https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/264">compiler-team#264</a> --</p>



<a name="192704962"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192704962" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192704962">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>I basically agree with those points :)</p>



<a name="192705040"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192705040" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192705040">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>maybe a good thing for today wouldl be to look at the list of working groups and kind of "finalize" the category we think they'd be in?</p>



<a name="192705051"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192705051" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192705051">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>and/or have a few sentences of what those categories mean?</p>



<a name="192705055"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192705055" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192705055">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>yes</p>



<a name="192705095"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192705095" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192705095">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>maybe we can split working groups and all the different areas of the compiler that we want to track?</p>



<a name="192705144"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192705144" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192705144">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:11)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="116009">nikomatsakis</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02/near/192705051" title="#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02/near/192705051">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>and/or have a few sentences of what those categories mean?</p>
</blockquote>
<p>hmm what do you mean exactly by categories?</p>



<a name="192705193"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192705193" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192705193">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think from the checklist I want:</p>



<a name="192705198"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192705198" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192705198">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>maybe start with the categories? I see there as being three useful categories:</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>projects</strong> -- a specific goal people are working on, but where there isn't much desire to get others involved (e.g., <a class="stream" data-stream-id="216091" href="/#narrow/stream/216091-t-compiler.2Fwg-polymorphization">#t-compiler/wg-polymorphization</a>)</li>
<li><strong>project groups</strong> -- a larger group of people working towards specific goals (e.g., <a class="stream" data-stream-id="144729" href="/#narrow/stream/144729-wg-traits">#wg-traits</a>, which I think should arguably be renamed to <code>project-chalk</code>)</li>
<li><strong>areas, "birds of a feather"</strong> -- things like llvm, diagnostics, mir opt -- basically a group of people having on a general area of the code</li>
</ul>



<a name="192705199"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192705199" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192705199">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:12)</a>:</h4>
<p><code> Go deeper and breakdown every compiler area and have dedicated chats for each one</code></p>



<a name="192705205"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192705205" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192705205">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>and</p>



<a name="192705208"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192705208" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192705208">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:12)</a>:</h4>
<p><code> Split out some areas of the compiler from working groups like Diagnostics, LLVM and Traits.</code></p>



<a name="192705265"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192705265" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192705265">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>and a possible next step is to fix a bit better the experts map but that will take more time</p>



<a name="192705288"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192705288" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192705288">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think we use working groups for all 3 of those right now</p>



<a name="192705348"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192705348" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192705348">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:13)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="116266">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02/near/192705265" title="#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02/near/192705265">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>and a possible next step is to fix a bit better the experts map but that will take more time</p>
</blockquote>
<p>yeah the expert map feels related to areas</p>



<a name="192705366"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192705366" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192705366">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>exactly</p>



<a name="192705448"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192705448" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192705448">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>did you make a list of working groups somewhere, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116266">@Santiago Pastorino</span> ?</p>



<a name="192705479"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192705479" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192705479">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>from those 3 things I think <strong>projects</strong> is fine for WG</p>



<a name="192705484"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192705484" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192705484">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:14)</a>:</h4>
<p><strong>areas</strong> shouldn't be included</p>



<a name="192705506"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192705506" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192705506">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>and I have doubts about <strong>project groups</strong></p>



<a name="192705563"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192705563" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192705563">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:15)</a>:</h4>
<p>I meant, project groups aren't just areas?</p>



<a name="192705602"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192705602" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192705602">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:15)</a>:</h4>
<p>the list is just the table here <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/compiler-team/" title="https://rust-lang.github.io/compiler-team/">https://rust-lang.github.io/compiler-team/</a></p>



<a name="192705682"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192705682" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192705682">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>I see "project groups" as being a subset of "projects", in some sense, and totally distinct from areas</p>



<a name="192705690"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192705690" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192705690">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>project groups have weekly meetings, roadmaps, and plans</p>



<a name="192705699"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192705699" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192705699">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:16)</a>:</h4>
<div class="codehilite"><pre><span></span>        &quot;Async/Await&quot;,
        &quot;Diagnostics&quot;,
        &quot;Learning&quot;,
        &quot;LLVM&quot;,
        &quot;Meta&quot;,
        &quot;MIR Optimizations&quot;,
        &quot;Parallel Rustc&quot;,
        &quot;Polonius&quot;,
        &quot;Polymorphization&quot;,
        &quot;RLS 2.0&quot;,
        &quot;Self-Profile&quot;,
        &quot;Traits&quot;,
</pre></div>



<a name="192705704"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192705704" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192705704">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>WGs</p>



<a name="192705742"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192705742" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192705742">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>areas don't necessarily have those things -- they may have vague plans, but they're not as organized</p>



<a name="192705754"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192705754" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192705754">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>they might have "owners" but not "leads"</p>



<a name="192705797"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192705797" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192705797">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>yeah</p>



<a name="192705820"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192705820" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192705820">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>well you could have areas that are not organized and areas that are :)</p>



<a name="192705841"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192705841" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192705841">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think that <a class="stream" data-stream-id="196385" href="/#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-learning">#t-compiler/wg-learning</a> is probably a <em>project group</em>, though it might eventually become an area</p>



<a name="192705882"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192705882" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192705882">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:18)</a>:</h4>
<p>but unsure if it's important what I'm saying :)</p>



<a name="192705891"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192705891" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192705891">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:18)</a>:</h4>
<p>yeah idk sometimes the line is blurry ;)</p>



<a name="192705904"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192705904" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192705904">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:18)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="116009">nikomatsakis</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02/near/192705841" title="#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02/near/192705841">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>I think that <a class="stream" data-stream-id="196385" href="/#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-learning">#t-compiler/wg-learning</a> is probably a <em>project group</em>, though it might eventually become an area</p>
</blockquote>
<p>yes</p>



<a name="192705922"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192705922" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192705922">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:18)</a>:</h4>
<p>but I think a project group should be able to have an "end state" that it is shooting for</p>



<a name="192705935"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192705935" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192705935">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:18)</a>:</h4>
<p>ideally all the areas should work as currently all project groups are working</p>



<a name="192705942"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192705942" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192705942">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:18)</a>:</h4>
<p>with meetings, etc, etc</p>



<a name="192705961"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192705961" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192705961">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:18)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think for dev-guide, there is some notion of the dev-guide being "complete", i.e., it has an overview, and covers the major area of the compiler, and that's the 'project' part of it</p>



<a name="192705972"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192705972" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192705972">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:19)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="116266">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02/near/192705942" title="#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02/near/192705942">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>with meetings, etc, etc</p>
</blockquote>
<p>I'm not sure this is true</p>



<a name="192705999"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192705999" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192705999">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:19)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think e.g, the "MIR borrowck area" doesn't need regular meetings</p>



<a name="192706011"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192706011" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192706011">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:19)</a>:</h4>
<p>the code is basically "done", it just needs some maintaince and maybe one-off meetings to resolve issues</p>



<a name="192706047"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192706047" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192706047">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>the thing is ... should MIR borrowck be the area or should just be MIR?</p>



<a name="192706107"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192706107" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192706107">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>anyway, I guess this is not important :)</p>



<a name="192706115"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192706115" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192706115">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>I would say MIR borrowck, MIR is too broad</p>



<a name="192706161"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192706161" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192706161">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>the 3 levels you've defined is fine</p>



<a name="192706168"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192706168" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192706168">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>so we need to split areas out of WGs, right?</p>



<a name="192706210"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192706210" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192706210">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:21)</a>:</h4>
<p>what we currently have is</p>



<a name="192706237"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192706237" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192706237">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:21)</a>:</h4>
<div class="codehilite"><pre><span></span>        &quot;Async/Await&quot;,
        &quot;Learning&quot;,
        &quot;Meta&quot;,
        &quot;MIR Optimizations&quot;,
        &quot;Parallel Rustc&quot;,
        &quot;Polonius&quot;,
        &quot;Polymorphization&quot;,
        &quot;RLS 2.0&quot;,
        &quot;Self-Profile&quot;,
        &quot;Traits&quot;,
</pre></div>



<a name="192706238"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192706238" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192706238">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:21)</a>:</h4>
<p>WGs</p>



<a name="192706403"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192706403" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192706403">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>and LLVM, Diagnostics as areas</p>



<a name="192706434"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192706434" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192706434">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>I meant, I think we should remove LLVM and Diagnostics from WGs</p>



<a name="192706446"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192706446" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192706446">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>and define all the areas of the compiler</p>



<a name="192706453"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192706453" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192706453">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:22)</a>:</h4>
<h1>project groups</h1>
<ul>
<li>"Async/Await" -- interesting case, but I think still a project group</li>
<li>"Learning" -- project group, with goal to complete overview and document major areas of the compiler</li>
<li>"Parallel Rustc" -- project group</li>
<li>"Polonius" -- project group</li>
<li>"Polymorphization" -- project</li>
<li>"RLS 2.0" -- project group, with goal to get rust-analyzer to some state that we should try to describe</li>
</ul>
<h1>areas</h1>
<ul>
<li>const-eval (not in list, but true)</li>
<li>"Diagnostics" -- area, but they could spawn some project groups (e.g., to create external library)</li>
<li>"LLVM" -- area, no particular goals at present</li>
<li>"MIR Optimizations" -- area, vague goals at present</li>
<li>"Self-Profile" -- was project group, but probably now an area</li>
</ul>
<h1>it's complicated</h1>
<ul>
<li>"Traits" -- should probably have an area, but <em>also</em> a project group for chalk specifically</li>
<li>"Meta" -- project group? area? Interesting question!</li>
</ul>



<a name="192706468"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192706468" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192706468">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:23)</a>:</h4>
<p>this is my take on the above btw :)</p>



<a name="192706525"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192706525" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192706525">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:23)</a>:</h4>
<p>yes</p>



<a name="192706527"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192706527" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192706527">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:23)</a>:</h4>
<p>agreed</p>



<a name="192706666"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192706666" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192706666">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:24)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think it'd be useful to have <code>#t-compiler/traits</code> and <code>#t-compiler/traits/project-chalk</code>, something like that</p>



<a name="192706691"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192706691" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192706691">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:24)</a>:</h4>
<p>it might actually help because right now #wg-traits is (imo) a bit "broad"</p>



<a name="192706719"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192706719" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192706719">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>or -- more to the point -- it's de facto more of a "chalk discussion" area, but the name suggests it'd be more</p>



<a name="192706748"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192706748" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192706748">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>yeah that sounds good</p>



<a name="192706762"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192706762" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192706762">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>I feel like that means other non-chalk-related discussions kind of get "lesser status" than perhaps they ought to</p>



<a name="192706795"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192706795" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192706795">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>what should we do first?</p>



<a name="192706808"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192706808" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192706808">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>curious what you think, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116083">@pnkfelix</span>, does the above kind of fit your expectations?</p>



<a name="192706824"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192706824" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192706824">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think maybe the first step is to fix the working group situation</p>



<a name="192706889"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192706889" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192706889">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:26)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="116266">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02/near/192706795" title="#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02/near/192706795">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>what should we do first?</p>
</blockquote>
<p>I would say -- let's try to write-up a kind of proposal  and spell out the implications -- doesn't have to be super long, probably start from my notes above ?</p>



<a name="192706926"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192706926" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192706926">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>and then sketch out "here is what the zulip channels would look like"</p>



<a name="192706929"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192706929" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192706929">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>I meant, I'd just remove from the list what should not be included as a WG</p>



<a name="192706951"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192706951" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192706951">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>you mean from the list on the compiler-team page?</p>



<a name="192706955"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192706955" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192706955">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think that's fine, we can do that</p>



<a name="192706956"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192706956" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192706956">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm not sure what my expectations are</p>



<a name="192706975"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192706975" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192706975">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:27)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="116009">nikomatsakis</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02/near/192706951" title="#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02/near/192706951">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>you mean from the list on the compiler-team page?</p>
</blockquote>
<p>yes</p>



<a name="192706985"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192706985" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192706985">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:27)</a>:</h4>
<p>though it seems like, in general, Project Groups should be striving to become Areas. :)</p>



<a name="192706993"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192706993" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192706993">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:27)</a>:</h4>
<p>yes, that's probably true</p>



<a name="192707001"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192707001" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192707001">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:27)</a>:</h4>
<p>(or replace an area)</p>



<a name="192707013"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192707013" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192707013">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:27)</a>:</h4>
<p>right</p>



<a name="192707021"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192707021" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192707021">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:27)</a>:</h4>
<p>(or get integrated into an area)</p>



<a name="192707034"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192707034" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192707034">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:27)</a>:</h4>
<p>e.g. AST-borrowck was an area. NLL was a project. Now MIR-borrowck is an area.</p>



<a name="192707048"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192707048" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192707048">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:27)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think e.g. you could have a project-inlining or something in the "MIR Optimizations" area</p>



<a name="192707117"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192707117" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192707117">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>basically I feel like projects can go "inside" areas (but maybe not, if they don't neatly fit...)</p>



<a name="192707138"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192707138" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192707138">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>perhaps, if they don't neatly fit, then this suggests they will become a "fresh area"</p>



<a name="192707139"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192707139" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192707139">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>but the big idea I was trying to put forward, which I'm not sure if anyones articulated,</p>



<a name="192707144"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192707144" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192707144">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>e.g., polonius</p>



<a name="192707161"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192707161" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192707161">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>is that project groups should be striving to make themselves unnecessary</p>



<a name="192707206"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192707206" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192707206">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:29)</a>:</h4>
<p>that plus, I think: have a defined scope at any given time, though I think it's ok for the scope to "extend itself" over time</p>



<a name="192707213"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192707213" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192707213">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:29)</a>:</h4>
<p>this is where I was vacillating for "wg-meta"</p>



<a name="192707221"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192707221" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192707221">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:29)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="116083">pnkfelix</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02/near/192707161" title="#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02/near/192707161">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>is that project groups should be striving to make themselves unnecessary</p>
</blockquote>
<p>yeah it is in that sense that I was thinking that both things are the same or at least very similar</p>



<a name="192707266"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192707266" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192707266">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:29)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think the line gets blurriest for those things that are trying to do work that might become a "new area" in the end</p>



<a name="192707280"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192707280" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192707280">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:29)</a>:</h4>
<p>polonius, rls 2.0, learning/rustc-dev-guide</p>



<a name="192707382"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192707382" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192707382">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:30)</a>:</h4>
<p>(if the area was "borrow check" then I guess polonius is clearly a kind of "project within that", with the goal of replacing MIR borrowck)</p>



<a name="192707383"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192707383" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192707383">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:30)</a>:</h4>
<p>maybe the question is what we consider important to have and why?</p>



<a name="192707412"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192707412" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192707412">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:30)</a>:</h4>
<p>I meant, maybe it's not really important if wg-meta is a wg or an area</p>



<a name="192707417"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192707417" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192707417">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:30)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think we should make a simple rule:</p>



<a name="192707427"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192707427" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192707427">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:30)</a>:</h4>
<p>if you have regular meetings, you are a project :)</p>



<a name="192707440"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192707440" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192707440">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:31)</a>:</h4>
<p>what I feel the lack of is mainly areas and things around github to contemplate those</p>



<a name="192707441"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192707441" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192707441">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:31)</a>:</h4>
<p>or a team</p>



<a name="192707442"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192707442" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192707442">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:31)</a>:</h4>
<p>or some "structure" beyond "jump in to the channel and say hi"</p>



<a name="192707449"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192707449" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192707449">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:31)</a>:</h4>
<p>like being able to ping a team</p>



<a name="192707469"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192707469" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192707469">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:31)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="116266">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02/near/192707440" title="#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02/near/192707440">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>what I feel the lack of is mainly areas and things around github to contemplate those</p>
</blockquote>
<p>yes</p>



<a name="192707476"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192707476" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192707476">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:31)</a>:</h4>
<p>so maybe establishing the areas is most urgent, that makes sense</p>



<a name="192707483"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192707483" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192707483">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:31)</a>:</h4>
<p>yes</p>



<a name="192707494"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192707494" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192707494">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:31)</a>:</h4>
<p>areas and people that belong to those</p>



<a name="192707508"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192707508" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192707508">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:32)</a>:</h4>
<p>speaking of the expert map,</p>



<a name="192707557"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192707557" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192707557">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:32)</a>:</h4>
<p>so from issues it's easy to cc @t-compiler/llvm or @t-compiler/diagnostics and things like that</p>



<a name="192707564"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192707564" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192707564">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:32)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think we should reflect the areas in the rust-lang/team repo in <em>some</em> way</p>



<a name="192707578"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192707578" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192707578">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:32)</a>:</h4>
<p>in particular it's the one that manages github teams</p>



<a name="192707594"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192707594" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192707594">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:32)</a>:</h4>
<p>yes</p>



<a name="192707601"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192707601" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192707601">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:32)</a>:</h4>
<p>we might do it like "ICEbreaker" groups, where the main thing is to be able to "ping" people from that area</p>



<a name="192707605"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192707605" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192707605">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:32)</a>:</h4>
<p>that's what the issue I've opened says</p>



<a name="192707614"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192707614" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192707614">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:32)</a>:</h4>
<p>and also it's easy for people to add themselves</p>



<a name="192707628"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192707628" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192707628">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:32)</a>:</h4>
<blockquote>
<p>Define a github group so we can ping the maintainers of each area, this could be integrated in team repo and maybe the whole experts map can be integrated as maintainer attribute into team repo</p>
</blockquote>



<a name="192707642"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192707642" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192707642">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>(because there aren't real implications for access rights, you don't become an org member, etc, so the bar is low)</p>



<a name="192707656"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192707656" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192707656">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>or they can be "real teams", where the bar is mildly higher</p>



<a name="192707664"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192707664" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192707664">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'd be fine either way really</p>



<a name="192707670"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192707670" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192707670">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'd kill experts map and add areas and maintainers</p>



<a name="192707770"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192707770" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192707770">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:34)</a>:</h4>
<p>I can talk to <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="121055">@Pietro Albini</span> to see how this can be implemented and if he feels that's a good idea</p>



<a name="192707782"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192707782" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192707782">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:34)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="116009">nikomatsakis</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02/near/192707656" title="#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02/near/192707656">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>or they can be "real teams", where the bar is mildly higher</p>
</blockquote>
<p>by real teams, I basically mean the equivalent of "compiler contributors" -- i.e., you get nominated, and when you're added, you become added to github teams and other things</p>



<a name="192707806"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192707806" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192707806">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:34)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116009">@nikomatsakis</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116083">@pnkfelix</span> do we want to make this step then? "kill experts and add areas/maintainers to team"</p>



<a name="192707822"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192707822" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192707822">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:34)</a>:</h4>
<p>it seems like we mostly have the tools we need, we just have to decide what it means to be added to an area</p>



<a name="192707837"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192707837" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192707837">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:34)</a>:</h4>
<p>cc <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116122">@simulacrum</span></p>



<a name="192707868"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192707868" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192707868">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:35)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="116266">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02/near/192707806" title="#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02/near/192707806">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="116009">nikomatsakis</span> <span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="116083">pnkfelix</span> do we want to make this step then? "kill experts and add areas/maintainers to team"</p>
</blockquote>
<p>I think that's good, but I'm not sure just how we want to model yet</p>



<a name="192707882"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192707882" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192707882">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:35)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'd like to just use github's CODEOWNERS</p>



<a name="192707891"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192707891" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192707891">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:35)</a>:</h4>
<p>what's that</p>



<a name="192707898"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192707898" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192707898">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:35)</a>:</h4>
<p>but that sounds plausible :)</p>



<a name="192707921"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192707921" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192707921">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:35)</a>:</h4>
<p><a href="https://help.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/about-code-owners" title="https://help.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/about-code-owners">https://help.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/about-code-owners</a></p>



<a name="192707971"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192707971" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192707971">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>btw, I think that -- if library-ification ever develops as I hope -- then these "areas" would map to real libraries eventually</p>



<a name="192707984"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192707984" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192707984">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>it would be even nice if we have a set of directories that belong to an area</p>



<a name="192708010"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192708010" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192708010">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>yep that's what codeowners does</p>



<a name="192708014"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192708014" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192708014">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>so when a PR comes we may do some heuristic and cc the appropriate team</p>



<a name="192708016"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192708016" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192708016">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>ahh cool :)</p>



<a name="192708023"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192708023" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192708023">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>yeah, that sounds good</p>



<a name="192708030"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192708030" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192708030">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>I do agree this should map to the files in the code</p>



<a name="192708038"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192708038" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192708038">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>and we could integrate it in the triagebot auto-assignment when it will be implemented</p>



<a name="192708069"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192708069" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192708069">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:37)</a>:</h4>
<p>yep</p>



<a name="192708086"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192708086" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192708086">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:37)</a>:</h4>
<p>very interesting</p>



<a name="192708123"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192708123" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192708123">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:37)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok, so, let's make "figure out areas and how they sdhould work" the immediate goal, and the question of how to "recategorize" non-working groups is sort of secondary follow-up?</p>



<a name="192708232"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192708232" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192708232">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:38)</a>:</h4>
<p><span aria-label="+1" class="emoji emoji-1f44d" role="img" title="+1">:+1:</span></p>



<a name="192708294"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192708294" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192708294">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>I guess I could start a little document with areas, directories and possible maintainers</p>



<a name="192708325"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192708325" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192708325">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>but I remember we had some difficulties filling up experts map</p>



<a name="192708363"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192708363" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192708363">(Apr 02 2020 at 18:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>anyway, will start with something and share</p>



<a name="192712040"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192712040" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> DPC <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192712040">(Apr 02 2020 at 19:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>is the meeting still on? :P</p>



<a name="192713167"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192713167" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192713167">(Apr 02 2020 at 19:21)</a>:</h4>
<p>no :)</p>



<a name="192736373"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192736373" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> centril <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192736373">(Apr 02 2020 at 22:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>I feel like const-eval is also in "it's complicated" territory</p>



<a name="192736407"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192736407" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> centril <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192736407">(Apr 02 2020 at 22:37)</a>:</h4>
<p>while it is an area, it's also like async/await, with specific goals that need to be achieved</p>



<a name="192736414"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting%202020.04.02/near/192736414" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> centril <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02.html#192736414">(Apr 02 2020 at 22:37)</a>:</h4>
<p>like control flow and whatnot</p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Aug 07 2021 at 22:04 UTC</p>
</html>