<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>pre-meeting 2019.02.28 · t-compiler/wg-meta · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/index.html">t-compiler/wg-meta</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/pre-meeting.202019.2E02.2E28.html">pre-meeting 2019.02.28</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="159628022"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/pre-meeting%202019.02.28/near/159628022" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/pre-meeting.202019.2E02.2E28.html#159628022">(Feb 28 2019 at 16:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>So, can we do a bit of prep for the meeting later? I just wanted to brainstorm a bit about next steps. I've been thinking that maybe we can identify a couple of big goals?</p>
<p>I would propose</p>
<ul>
<li>[x] Create compiler-team template</li>
<li>[ ] Create templates for the initial round of working groups</li>
<li>[ ] Identify a set of "procedures" to describe</li>
<li>[ ] Create "expert map" for the compiler and populate it</li>
<li>[ ] Create a "journeyperson" role and populate it with some initial folks (we wouldn't decide who those people are, that's probably a team decision, but I can get it started)</li>
</ul>
<p>I don't quite know what that "journeyperson" role should mean yet -- but it seems like we can figure that out a bit incrementally? Having the list would already be great.</p>



<a name="159628048"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/pre-meeting%202019.02.28/near/159628048" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/pre-meeting.202019.2E02.2E28.html#159628048">(Feb 28 2019 at 16:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>(cc <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116107">@davidtwco</span>, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116266">@Santiago Pastorino</span> with whom I was talking about this recently)</p>



<a name="159628127"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/pre-meeting%202019.02.28/near/159628127" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> davidtwco <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/pre-meeting.202019.2E02.2E28.html#159628127">(Feb 28 2019 at 16:18)</a>:</h4>
<p>That sounds good. I'll think a bit about these and draft some ideas.</p>



<a name="159628362"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/pre-meeting%202019.02.28/near/159628362" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/pre-meeting.202019.2E02.2E28.html#159628362">(Feb 28 2019 at 16:21)</a>:</h4>
<p>Awesome!</p>



<a name="159629017"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/pre-meeting%202019.02.28/near/159629017" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/pre-meeting.202019.2E02.2E28.html#159629017">(Feb 28 2019 at 16:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>Also, I was just thinking about the "minimum initial investment" in a WG -- I <a href="#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/LLVM.20WG/near/159628914" title="#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/LLVM.20WG/near/159628914">wrote this comment here</a>, maybe worth talking that over too -- or that might be a steering meeting question.</p>



<a name="159629464"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/pre-meeting%202019.02.28/near/159629464" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> davidtwco <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/pre-meeting.202019.2E02.2E28.html#159629464">(Feb 28 2019 at 16:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think it's worth thinking about how we get feedback from the team on our ideas. At the end of the day, they are leading the working groups and it's the team that'll feel the impact of how we decide to tackle the things on our idea list.</p>



<a name="159630516"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/pre-meeting%202019.02.28/near/159630516" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/pre-meeting.202019.2E02.2E28.html#159630516">(Feb 28 2019 at 16:47)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yep</p>



<a name="159634560"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/pre-meeting%202019.02.28/near/159634560" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/pre-meeting.202019.2E02.2E28.html#159634560">(Feb 28 2019 at 17:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>sounds good</p>



<a name="159634582"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/pre-meeting%202019.02.28/near/159634582" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/pre-meeting.202019.2E02.2E28.html#159634582">(Feb 28 2019 at 17:39)</a>:</h4>
<blockquote>
<p>Also, I was just thinking about the "minimum initial investment" in a WG -- I <a href="#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/LLVM.20WG/near/159628914" title="#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/LLVM.20WG/near/159628914">wrote this comment here</a>, maybe worth talking that over too -- or that might be a steering meeting question.</p>
</blockquote>
<p>yeah, I think it worth talking about this too</p>



<a name="159634806"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/pre-meeting%202019.02.28/near/159634806" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/pre-meeting.202019.2E02.2E28.html#159634806">(Feb 28 2019 at 17:42)</a>:</h4>
<p>what's the meaning of <code>Create templates for the initial round of working groups</code>?</p>



<a name="159634820"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/pre-meeting%202019.02.28/near/159634820" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/pre-meeting.202019.2E02.2E28.html#159634820">(Feb 28 2019 at 17:43)</a>:</h4>
<p>you mean setup the rest of the working groups with some basic info or what?</p>



<a name="159635102"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/pre-meeting%202019.02.28/near/159635102" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/pre-meeting.202019.2E02.2E28.html#159635102">(Feb 28 2019 at 17:46)</a>:</h4>
<p>also, unsure what do you mean by expert map</p>



<a name="159635122"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/pre-meeting%202019.02.28/near/159635122" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/pre-meeting.202019.2E02.2E28.html#159635122">(Feb 28 2019 at 17:47)</a>:</h4>
<p>we should list the expert people there and their areas of expertise?</p>



<a name="159635391"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/pre-meeting%202019.02.28/near/159635391" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/pre-meeting.202019.2E02.2E28.html#159635391">(Feb 28 2019 at 17:50)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm already writing some stuff down</p>



<a name="159637311"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/pre-meeting%202019.02.28/near/159637311" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/pre-meeting.202019.2E02.2E28.html#159637311">(Feb 28 2019 at 18:14)</a>:</h4>
<blockquote>
<p>what's the meaning of <code>Create templates for the initial round of working groups</code>?</p>
</blockquote>
<p>Yes I meant: create, for each of the initial set of working groups we expect to have active, a directory</p>



<a name="159637315"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/pre-meeting%202019.02.28/near/159637315" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/pre-meeting.202019.2E02.2E28.html#159637315">(Feb 28 2019 at 18:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>This is already in progress, of course.</p>



<a name="159637331"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/pre-meeting%202019.02.28/near/159637331" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/pre-meeting.202019.2E02.2E28.html#159637331">(Feb 28 2019 at 18:14)</a>:</h4>
<blockquote>
<p>we should list the expert people there and their areas of expertise?</p>
</blockquote>
<p>Yes, though I think of it somewhat in reverse:</p>
<p>We list the areas of the compiler, and tag them with people</p>



<a name="159639905"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/pre-meeting%202019.02.28/near/159639905" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/pre-meeting.202019.2E02.2E28.html#159639905">(Feb 28 2019 at 18:41)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="1095">@WG-compiler-meta</span> <span aria-label="point up" class="emoji emoji-1f446" role="img" title="point up">:point_up:</span> we should establish a convention for "WGs centered around implementing an RFC", I expect..?</p>



<a name="159640265"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/pre-meeting%202019.02.28/near/159640265" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> davidtwco <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/pre-meeting.202019.2E02.2E28.html#159640265">(Feb 28 2019 at 18:45)</a>:</h4>
<p>I quite liked <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="121053">@varkor</span>'s idea at the all hands about making a working group that's main focus is in implemeting RFCs rather than having a dozen smaller working groups for each one. It isn't as clear a goal as we normally aim for w/ working groups, but it stops there from being a ton of ongoing working groups.</p>



<a name="159640279"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/pre-meeting%202019.02.28/near/159640279" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/pre-meeting.202019.2E02.2E28.html#159640279">(Feb 28 2019 at 18:45)</a>:</h4>
<p>(I created a calendar event in the compiler team calendar, and added you as an invitee <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="128294">@blitzerr</span>.)</p>



<a name="159640348"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/pre-meeting%202019.02.28/near/159640348" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/pre-meeting.202019.2E02.2E28.html#159640348">(Feb 28 2019 at 18:46)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116107">@davidtwco</span> Yeah, maybe, I'm game for trying that too, although I think it makes sense more for "smaller" RFCs. This one is kind of in the middle for me, it could fit into such a group.</p>



<a name="159640411"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/pre-meeting%202019.02.28/near/159640411" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> davidtwco <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/pre-meeting.202019.2E02.2E28.html#159640411">(Feb 28 2019 at 18:46)</a>:</h4>
<p>Perhaps, yeah. I think we could probably discuss where we roughly feel the line is so we don't spin up a working group and incur that overhead for every other task (which is, of course, exaggerated).</p>



<a name="159640755"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/pre-meeting%202019.02.28/near/159640755" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/pre-meeting.202019.2E02.2E28.html#159640755">(Feb 28 2019 at 18:50)</a>:</h4>
<p>sounds like something we could discuss in the meeting maybe ?</p>



<a name="159640914"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/pre-meeting%202019.02.28/near/159640914" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> davidtwco <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/pre-meeting.202019.2E02.2E28.html#159640914">(Feb 28 2019 at 18:52)</a>:</h4>
<p>(moved these messages into meeting topic, originally <a href="#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/pre-meeting.202019.2E02.2E28/near/159639905" title="#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/pre-meeting.202019.2E02.2E28/near/159639905">this message</a> pointed to <a href="#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/closure.20path.20capture.20WG/near/159639884" title="#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/closure.20path.20capture.20WG/near/159639884">this message</a>)</p>



<a name="159640933"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/pre-meeting%202019.02.28/near/159640933" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/pre-meeting.202019.2E02.2E28.html#159640933">(Feb 28 2019 at 18:52)</a>:</h4>
<p>how do you do that btw?</p>



<a name="159640935"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/pre-meeting%202019.02.28/near/159640935" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/pre-meeting.202019.2E02.2E28.html#159640935">(Feb 28 2019 at 18:52)</a>:</h4>
<p>:)</p>



<a name="159641018"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/pre-meeting%202019.02.28/near/159641018" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> davidtwco <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/pre-meeting.202019.2E02.2E28.html#159641018">(Feb 28 2019 at 18:53)</a>:</h4>
<p>Little dropdown next to a message, then "view source/edit topic" if it is someone else's message, or "edit" if it is yours. Then change the topic and use the dropdown that will appear.</p>



<a name="159641030"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/pre-meeting%202019.02.28/near/159641030" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> davidtwco <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/pre-meeting.202019.2E02.2E28.html#159641030">(Feb 28 2019 at 18:53)</a>:</h4>
<p>Might need to be an admin for other people's messages, unsure.</p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Aug 07 2021 at 22:04 UTC</p>
</html>