<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>upcoming meeting · t-compiler/wg-meta · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/index.html">t-compiler/wg-meta</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/upcoming.20meeting.html">upcoming meeting</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="159446375"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/upcoming%20meeting/near/159446375" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/upcoming.20meeting.html#159446375">(Feb 26 2019 at 18:42)</a>:</h4>
<p>That reminds me, I wanted to brainstorm a bit about what to do in the next meeting. One thought I had was to try and come up with some specific "procedures" that we could document and work on those.</p>



<a name="159446607"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/upcoming%20meeting/near/159446607" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/upcoming.20meeting.html#159446607">(Feb 26 2019 at 18:44)</a>:</h4>
<p>seems like a good idea</p>



<a name="159446789"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/upcoming%20meeting/near/159446789" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/upcoming.20meeting.html#159446789">(Feb 26 2019 at 18:46)</a>:</h4>
<p>as I was mentioning in the other thread, I guess clarifying better expectations for members and leads would be great to lay out a bit better too</p>



<a name="159446903"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/upcoming%20meeting/near/159446903" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/upcoming.20meeting.html#159446903">(Feb 26 2019 at 18:47)</a>:</h4>
<p>maybe this is only reasonable to me :P, unsure to be honest, but I've learned that a lot of things often don't work great because of the difference of what one think should do and in what way and what the rest expect you should do and how :)</p>



<a name="159446992"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/upcoming%20meeting/near/159446992" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/upcoming.20meeting.html#159446992">(Feb 26 2019 at 18:48)</a>:</h4>
<p>yes, definitely</p>



<a name="159446999"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/upcoming%20meeting/near/159446999" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> davidtwco <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/upcoming.20meeting.html#159446999">(Feb 26 2019 at 18:48)</a>:</h4>
<p>That somewhat ties in with the good neighbor guidelines that I had linked in the big ideas list (I feel like I'm referencing that video a lot..).</p>



<a name="159447036"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/upcoming%20meeting/near/159447036" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Santiago Pastorino <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/upcoming.20meeting.html#159447036">(Feb 26 2019 at 18:48)</a>:</h4>
<p>another thing I'm not sure is how many people from rustc team is willing to take a WG lead role and how much availability they have</p>



<a name="159447042"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/upcoming%20meeting/near/159447042" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/upcoming.20meeting.html#159447042">(Feb 26 2019 at 18:48)</a>:</h4>
<p>as a meta point I feel like our goal right now should still be trying to find concrete tasks and doing them :)</p>



<a name="159447194"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/upcoming%20meeting/near/159447194" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/upcoming.20meeting.html#159447194">(Feb 26 2019 at 18:50)</a>:</h4>
<p>ah, another semi-urgent item .. we should probably create some <em>place</em> to record the set of WGs and to document when they last had a "check-in". </p>
<p>In my ideal world, we'd be "broadcasting" results from these check-ins, that process doesn't quite feel "smooth" yet, but I think that's ok for now.</p>



<a name="159447210"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/upcoming%20meeting/near/159447210" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/upcoming.20meeting.html#159447210">(Feb 26 2019 at 18:50)</a>:</h4>
<p>(maybe that's the "big table"?)</p>



<a name="159522213"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/upcoming%20meeting/near/159522213" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Cem Karan <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/185694-t-compiler/wg-meta/topic/upcoming.20meeting.html#159522213">(Feb 27 2019 at 15:03)</a>:</h4>
<blockquote>
<p>ah, another semi-urgent item .. we should probably create some <em>place</em> to record the set of WGs and to document when they last had a "check-in". </p>
<p>In my ideal world, we'd be "broadcasting" results from these check-ins, that process doesn't quite feel "smooth" yet, but I think that's ok for now.</p>
</blockquote>
<p>If each working group is supposed to have its own place in the repository, could we use a script to see when they updated their meeting minutes last?</p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Aug 07 2021 at 22:04 UTC</p>
</html>