<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>meeting 2021-04-19 · t-infra · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/index.html">t-infra</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html">meeting 2021-04-19</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="235173913"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235173913" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jake Goulding <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235173913">(Apr 19 2021 at 12:48)</a>:</h4>
<p>I won't be able to attend again this week — more Rust training <span aria-label="tada" class="emoji emoji-1f389" role="img" title="tada">:tada:</span> </p>
<p>Rustfmt finally got built last week, so my concern from last week has been addressed.</p>
<p>My only point this week: is there a way we can get that M1 from Apple / MacStadium? I wasn't sure if there was an ongoing cost associated with it or anything. I think <strong>simulacrum</strong> has knowledge in this area.</p>



<a name="235214383"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235214383" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235214383">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>o/</p>



<a name="235214408"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235214408" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235214408">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:01)</a>:</h4>
<p>o/</p>



<a name="235214488"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235214488" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235214488">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:01)</a>:</h4>
<p>ping <span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="2943">@T-infra</span></p>



<a name="235214497"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235214497" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235214497">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:01)</a>:</h4>
<p>meeting time!</p>



<a name="235214509"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235214509" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235214509">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:01)</a>:</h4>
<p>o/</p>



<a name="235214804"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235214804" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235214804">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>lots of items on the agenda today</p>



<a name="235214822"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235214822" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235214822">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>first up, <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/infra-team/issues/39">https://github.com/rust-lang/infra-team/issues/39</a></p>



<a name="235215019"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235215019" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235215019">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>this does overlap with something the core team is looking at atm (repo stability guarantees), so I'm inclined to postpone it for now</p>



<a name="235215028"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235215028" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235215028">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>this feels like more of a policy question, yeah</p>



<a name="235215045"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235215045" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235215045">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think the toggle to allow it is easy</p>



<a name="235215080"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235215080" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235215080">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>I do think we should write back</p>



<a name="235215082"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235215082" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235215082">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>hmm, so, when I last looked at github perms the only switch present is "allow all members" or "only owners can create repos"</p>



<a name="235215150"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235215150" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235215150">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>and we definitely do not want <em>all</em> members to create repos under rust-lang</p>



<a name="235215223"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235215223" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235215223">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'd like to suggest that one of the three(!) core team members on infra suggest that for now someone, e.g., me, is happy to work with people on a one-off basis as needed, expecting it to be pretty low overhead. this has been historical practice regardless.</p>



<a name="235215355"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235215355" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235215355">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:06)</a>:</h4>
<p>yeah I definitely think it's not worth automating this right now</p>



<a name="235215394"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235215394" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235215394">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>an idea I had around this to avoid the answer to creating repos being "DM pietro or mark" was to create an internal repository when team members can open issues to request new repos or perms change</p>



<a name="235215403"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235215403" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235215403">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>that way those changes are tracked too</p>



<a name="235215429"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235215429" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235215429">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>but we can defer that if y'all think so</p>



<a name="235215442"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235215442" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235215442">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>the infra-team repo seems as good as any :) but I'm not necessarily thinking we need much process here</p>



<a name="235215554"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235215554" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235215554">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>I like that - we can review it in triage and assign out. a week lag isn't bad</p>



<a name="235215648"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235215648" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235215648">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>I don't think even waiting for the team to discuss the repo is needed</p>



<a name="235215709"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235215709" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235215709">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>like, if there is a need for a repo I don't see a problem with someone in infra just creating it</p>



<a name="235215748"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235215748" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235215748">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok, I'm happy to write a reply on the issue - unless folks here want to coordinate that reply; I feel like there's a reasonable response for now to give</p>



<a name="235215754"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235215754" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235215754">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>but still moving those convos around repos and permissions out of DMs into a repo would probably be good</p>



<a name="235215782"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235215782" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235215782">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>everything sounds great</p>



<a name="235215839"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235215839" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235215839">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>let's move on</p>



<a name="235215869"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235215869" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235215869">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>retention for prometheus metrics</p>



<a name="235215900"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235215900" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235215900">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think this was actually last week? Not sure if Pietro had more to say</p>



<a name="235215908"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235215908" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235215908">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>so, the retention was increased ot 30 days</p>



<a name="235215965"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235215965" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235215965">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm not sure whether we want to track investigating storing more than that</p>



<a name="235215996"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235215996" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235215996">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm leaning towards it not being a huge priority right now personally, but I'm curious of others' opinions</p>



<a name="235216134"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235216134" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235216134">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>I vote leave it until it gets brought up</p>



<a name="235216146"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235216146" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235216146">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think we should leave it at 30 for now; it's already significantly more useful (at least for me) for prioritizing certain work to get a longer time sense of how bad things are, and more than that requires some planning (whereas this felt like it was an easy win)</p>



<a name="235216213"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235216213" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235216213">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>great then!</p>



<a name="235216240"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235216240" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235216240">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>wow we're steaming through</p>



<a name="235216268"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235216268" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235216268">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>next up, <a href="http://crates.io">crates.io</a> access to prometheus</p>



<a name="235216355"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235216355" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235216355">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think the thing on my end was to test and do an upgrade of our prometheus version</p>



<a name="235216389"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235216389" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235216389">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>yep</p>



<a name="235216411"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235216411" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235216411">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>did not have a chance to do that yet</p>



<a name="235216446"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235216446" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235216446">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>and aside from that, there was some additional work to do around checking auth (i.e. whether we need an nginx forwarder)</p>



<a name="235216512"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235216512" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235216512">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:15)</a>:</h4>
<p>to refresh my memory, this related to <a href="https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/crates.io-monitoring--BJKdRsoX6dehQacm~yv46gcJAg-JWf5AxfJ1Nbc3lLuNcaTy">https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/crates.io-monitoring--BJKdRsoX6dehQacm~yv46gcJAg-JWf5AxfJ1Nbc3lLuNcaTy</a> for the final option? or the second to last?</p>



<a name="235216522"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235216522" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235216522">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:15)</a>:</h4>
<p>but I am personally leaning towards approving the remote-write proposal on my end, it feels like a pretty good fit for what we need and is largely what heroku suggests</p>



<a name="235216524"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235216524" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235216524">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:15)</a>:</h4>
<p>well, nginx will be needed anyway to setup the virtual host and https, it's more on whether we want nginx or prometheus to handle auth</p>



<a name="235216550"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235216550" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235216550">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:15)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="117568">Aidan Hobson Sayers</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19/near/235216512">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>to refresh my memory, this related to <a href="https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/crates.io-monitoring--BJKdRsoX6dehQacm~yv46gcJAg-JWf5AxfJ1Nbc3lLuNcaTy">https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/crates.io-monitoring--BJKdRsoX6dehQacm~yv46gcJAg-JWf5AxfJ1Nbc3lLuNcaTy</a> for the final option? or the second to last?</p>
</blockquote>
<p>final option</p>



<a name="235216576"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235216576" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235216576">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:15)</a>:</h4>
<p>not sure I understand virtual host or https - is there more perhaps that I'm missing then?</p>



<a name="235216621"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235216621" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235216621">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>it might be worth fleshing out the last option as I'm pretty sure it's the one we should go with, as we've also learned some more over the past few weeks</p>



<a name="235216692"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235216692" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235216692">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>(in particular e.g. that heroku itself already 'does this' just with their own push system)</p>



<a name="235216765"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235216765" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235216765">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:16)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="116122">simulacrum</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19/near/235216576">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>not sure I understand virtual host or https - is there more perhaps that I'm missing then?</p>
</blockquote>
<p>well, that ec2 instance needs to serve both <a href="http://grafana.rust-lang.org">grafana.rust-lang.org</a> and <a href="http://prometheus.infra.rust-lang.org">prometheus.infra.rust-lang.org</a>, so we need nginx with the two <code>server {}</code> blocks to properly route the traffic coming to port 80</p>



<a name="235216961"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235216961" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235216961">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:18)</a>:</h4>
<p>ah I see</p>



<a name="235217017"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235217017" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235217017">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:18)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok! well, seems good to detail the plan a tad more - does that seem reasonable?</p>



<a name="235217321"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235217321" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235217321">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>hm <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="121055">@Pietro Albini</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="117568">@Aidan Hobson Sayers</span> ^</p>



<a name="235217346"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235217346" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235217346">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>maybe zulip is failing me</p>



<a name="235217365"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235217365" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235217365">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:21)</a>:</h4>
<p>nono just got a phone call</p>



<a name="235217372"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235217372" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235217372">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:21)</a>:</h4>
<p>oh ok</p>



<a name="235217391"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235217391" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235217391">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:21)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'd love to hear what aidan thinks before putting more effort into it</p>



<a name="235217439"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235217439" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235217439">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:21)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="116122">simulacrum</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19/near/235216621">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>it might be worth fleshing out the last option as I'm pretty sure it's the one we should go with, as we've also learned some more over the past few weeks</p>
</blockquote>
<p>given this, I'm convinced</p>



<a name="235217461"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235217461" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235217461">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>(the part where heroku does this)</p>



<a name="235217547"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235217547" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235217547">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok!</p>



<a name="235217548"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235217548" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235217548">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>it still makes me a bit sad, but at least we're not treading new ground :D</p>



<a name="235217576"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235217576" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235217576">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>well, heroku doesn't do this with <em>prometheus</em></p>



<a name="235217596"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235217596" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235217596">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:23)</a>:</h4>
<p>they do, or at least, for some platforms - they noted as such in a blog post</p>



<a name="235217598"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235217598" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235217598">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:23)</a>:</h4>
<p>they're doing it with their own monitoring client and proprietary backend</p>



<a name="235217608"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235217608" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235217608">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:23)</a>:</h4>
<p>oh</p>



<a name="235217610"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235217610" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235217610">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:23)</a>:</h4>
<p>they just don't use the remote write api</p>



<a name="235217635"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235217635" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235217635">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:23)</a>:</h4>
<p>well then I missed that message <span aria-label="sweat smile" class="emoji emoji-1f605" role="img" title="sweat smile">:sweat_smile:</span></p>



<a name="235217637"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235217637" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235217637">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:23)</a>:</h4>
<p>but really it's all the same</p>



<a name="235217639"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235217639" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235217639">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:23)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok!</p>



<a name="235217662"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235217662" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235217662">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:23)</a>:</h4>
<p>so, this mess is all for instance-level metrics on <a href="http://crates.io">crates.io</a></p>



<a name="235217669"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235217669" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235217669">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:23)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="116155">Jake Goulding</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19/near/235173913">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>I won't be able to attend again this week — more Rust training <span aria-label="tada" class="emoji emoji-1f389" role="img" title="tada">:tada:</span> </p>
<p>Rustfmt finally got built last week, so my concern from last week has been addressed.</p>
<p>My only point this week: is there a way we can get that M1 from Apple / MacStadium? I wasn't sure if there was an ongoing cost associated with it or anything. I think <strong>simulacrum</strong> has knowledge in this area.</p>
</blockquote>
<p>just want to deal with this item next</p>



<a name="235217720"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235217720" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235217720">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:24)</a>:</h4>
<p>(oh sorry - are we done with <a href="http://crates.io">crates.io</a> monitoring?)</p>



<a name="235217754"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235217754" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235217754">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:24)</a>:</h4>
<p>I have a small point :)</p>



<a name="235217783"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235217783" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235217783">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:24)</a>:</h4>
<p>for service-level metrics we can handle <a href="http://crates.io">crates.io</a> the same way we handle any other service</p>



<a name="235217828"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235217828" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235217828">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:24)</a>:</h4>
<p>I have a PR up for <a href="http://crates.io">crates.io</a> to implement the scaffolding for metrics, once that's merged anything against giving the <a href="http://crates.io">crates.io</a> team access to grafana?</p>



<a name="235217881"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235217881" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235217881">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>(there is not a way to properly prevent the <a href="http://crates.io">crates.io</a> team from accessing other metrics, and we're doing the same thing with the <a href="http://docs.rs">docs.rs</a> team)</p>



<a name="235217895"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235217895" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235217895">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>hm, I don't think there's anything sensitive on it (or should be)</p>



<a name="235217902"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235217902" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235217902">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>so seems OK</p>



<a name="235217906"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235217906" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235217906">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>seems alright</p>



<a name="235217916"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235217916" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235217916">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:25)</a>:</h4>
<p><span aria-label="thumbs up" class="emoji emoji-1f44d" role="img" title="thumbs up">:thumbs_up:</span>.</p>



<a name="235217919"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235217919" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235217919">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>that's all from me</p>



<a name="235217990"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235217990" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235217990">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok - the M1 macs thing</p>



<a name="235218033"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235218033" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235218033">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>I need to set up time with the foundation (including mark+pietro) on this point, if it's referring to what I think it is. so, 'in progress'</p>



<a name="235218058"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235218058" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235218058">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:27)</a>:</h4>
<p>it's kinda similar but different</p>



<a name="235218079"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235218079" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235218079">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:27)</a>:</h4>
<p>I can fill more details in in the private stream after the meeting</p>



<a name="235218192"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235218192" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235218192">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>the two remaining topics look big, and I need to run on the dot. maybe we can quickly talk about github access token migration?</p>



<a name="235218265"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235218265" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235218265">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:28)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116122">@simulacrum</span> looks like this one is yours?</p>



<a name="235218277"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235218277" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235218277">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>they're not urgent</p>



<a name="235218282"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235218282" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235218282">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:29)</a>:</h4>
<p>we can skip till next week</p>



<a name="235218307"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235218307" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235218307">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:29)</a>:</h4>
<p>great - I'll punt them out then</p>



<a name="235218324"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235218324" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235218324">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:29)</a>:</h4>
<p>that's all for this week then!</p>



<a name="235218331"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235218331" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235218331">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:29)</a>:</h4>
<p>thanks all</p>



<a name="235218333"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235218333" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235218333">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:29)</a>:</h4>
<p>\o</p>



<a name="235218334"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235218334" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235218334">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:29)</a>:</h4>
<p>\o</p>



<a name="235218376"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-19/near/235218376" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-19.html#235218376">(Apr 19 2021 at 17:29)</a>:</h4>
<p>\o</p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 20:01 UTC</p>
</html>