<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>meeting 2021-01-13 · t-infra · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/index.html">t-infra</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html">meeting 2021-01-13</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="222589139"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222589139" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222589139">(Jan 13 2021 at 14:42)</a>:</h4>
<p>apologies, won't be able to make meeting today</p>



<a name="222591017"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222591017" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222591017">(Jan 13 2021 at 14:54)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="2943">@T-infra</span> T-5 minutes for the meeting</p>



<a name="222591954"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222591954" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222591954">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>o/</p>



<a name="222592106"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222592106" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> kennytm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222592106">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>o/</p>



<a name="222592129"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222592129" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222592129">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:00)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="2943">@T-infra</span> meeting time!</p>



<a name="222592261"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222592261" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jake Goulding <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222592261">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:01)</a>:</h4>
<p>o/</p>



<a name="222592390"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222592390" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222592390">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok let's start!</p>



<a name="222592426"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222592426" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222592426">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>we have two P-high issues</p>



<a name="222592465"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222592465" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222592465">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>both of those were stable-to-beta regressions related to <code>./x.py install</code></p>



<a name="222592489"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222592489" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222592489">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>both of them are fixed on nightly but await a backport to beta</p>



<a name="222592529"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222592529" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222592529">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>x.py install doesn't install binaries. <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/80683">#80683</a><br>
x.py install fails when run outside of Rust source directory <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/80494">#80494</a></p>



<a name="222592546"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222592546" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222592546">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think I ran out out of time this last weekend for those backports, but adding that to my todo list this time around.</p>



<a name="222592581"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222592581" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222592581">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'd say let's wait for the release team to backport them, but otherwise no action on our end</p>



<a name="222592701"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222592701" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222592701">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>there are no other issues for us to look at, so let's move to the agenda!</p>



<a name="222592838"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222592838" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222592838">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>both of the items here were brought up by the core team for the needs of the foundation</p>



<a name="222592853"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222592853" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222592853">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>the first one is "Infrastructure for @rust-lang.org email addresses for contributors"</p>



<a name="222593072"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222593072" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222593072">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>this proposal is to basically have email addresses like <a href="mailto:pietroalbini@rust-lang.org">pietroalbini@rust-lang.org</a> for a set of team members</p>



<a name="222593201"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222593201" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222593201">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:06)</a>:</h4>
<p><em>who</em> gets them will be a question for the core team imo, but there is a strong need to have something like this</p>



<a name="222593211"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222593211" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jake Goulding <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222593211">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:06)</a>:</h4>
<p>How self-run do we want?</p>



<a name="222593262"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222593262" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jake Goulding <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222593262">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:06)</a>:</h4>
<p>e.g. is "Google donates a Google Suite account" on the table?</p>



<a name="222593308"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222593308" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jake Goulding <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222593308">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:06)</a>:</h4>
<p>or whatever the name of that product is</p>



<a name="222593392"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222593392" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222593392">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>as a datapoint, ashley really needed her @rust-lang.org email address for foundation work, and I hacked something up a couple days ago for it</p>



<a name="222593404"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222593404" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222593404">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:07)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="116155">Jake Goulding</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13/near/222593262">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>e.g. is "Google donates a Google Suite account" on the table?</p>
</blockquote>
<p>yes!</p>



<a name="222593462"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222593462" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222593462">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>or well, if we don't get a donation the team can make a strong case for the foundation to buy it on its own</p>



<a name="222593509"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222593509" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222593509">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>(that feels <em>good</em> to write!)</p>



<a name="222593524"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222593524" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> kennytm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222593524">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>so it won't be just an address forwarding to personal mailbox</p>



<a name="222593557"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222593557" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222593557">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think we need to make that choice</p>



<a name="222593858"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222593858" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222593858">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>what I would expect for the infra team to decide is (in order of priority):</p>
<ol>
<li>what schema we want for the addresses (githubusername@, first.last@...)</li>
<li>what's the general shape of the services we want to provide (for example forwarding vs full mailbox)</li>
<li>the actual implementation / service we use</li>
</ol>



<a name="222593929"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222593929" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222593929">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>what process would you suggest for these?</p>



<a name="222593970"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222593970" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222593970">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>(i.e. debate now?)</p>



<a name="222594080"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222594080" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222594080">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>so, I think it'd be good to narrow down to a couple (or just one!) of possibilities now during the meeting</p>



<a name="222594173"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222594173" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222594173">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>and then make the final decision next week, so folks that were not here (aidan and other members of the community) can chime in</p>



<a name="222594212"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222594212" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> kennytm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222594212">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>for 1. maybe we could let the contributor choose?</p>



<a name="222594277"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222594277" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222594277">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>for 1. I think my worry with username is we're likely going to want to set up forwarding for either of the two suggested options when things change</p>



<a name="222594397"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222594397" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222594397">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>which is fine - I actually suspect names change more often than usernames</p>



<a name="222594455"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222594455" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> kennytm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222594455">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>if using Google Suite you could assign multiple aliases to the same user</p>



<a name="222594547"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222594547" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222594547">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>I guess I'd just say we can probably use ghusername or so, for those with github, and leave it at that</p>



<a name="222594553"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222594553" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> kennytm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222594553">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>(likely true for all other services too)</p>



<a name="222594559"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222594559" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jake Goulding <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222594559">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'd expect that naming to be a personal choice. I'd prefer my real name, I know others wouldn't.</p>



<a name="222594651"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222594651" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222594651">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>that's a good point, and honestly I didn't even consider it much before now</p>



<a name="222594699"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222594699" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222594699">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:15)</a>:</h4>
<p>I guess I value(d) consistency</p>



<a name="222594906"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222594906" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jake Goulding <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222594906">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:15)</a>:</h4>
<p>There's also changing values over time (people pick new names, both real and github)</p>



<a name="222594922"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222594922" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222594922">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:15)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think mildly suggesting github username as being an alias is good</p>



<a name="222595007"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222595007" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222595007">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>whether it's primary or not</p>



<a name="222595083"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222595083" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222595083">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>there's lots of good to being able to say "I can email anyone in rust org without a lookup in some database"</p>



<a name="222595087"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222595087" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jake Goulding <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222595087">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yes, suggesting a default of github username is reasonable.</p>



<a name="222595096"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222595096" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222595096">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>and I guess if we set a policy here it's also good precedent for other stuff like aws accounts or shell access</p>



<a name="222595202"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222595202" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jake Goulding <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222595202">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:16)</a>:</h4>
<blockquote>
<p>there's lots of good to being able to say "I can email anyone in rust org without a lookup in some database"</p>
</blockquote>
<p>LOL, this was going to be my prime example of why we might want _another_ identifier :-)</p>



<a name="222595312"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222595312" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jake Goulding <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222595312">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>(I'm mildly worried about harassment avenues)</p>



<a name="222595333"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222595333" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222595333">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>yeah I'm personally a fan of letting people pick whatever</p>



<a name="222595515"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222595515" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222595515">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:18)</a>:</h4>
<p>but also alias ghusername@ for where it exists, unless they ask us not to</p>



<a name="222595631"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222595631" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222595631">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:19)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="116122">simulacrum</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13/near/222595333">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>yeah I'm personally a fan of letting people pick whatever</p>
</blockquote>
<p>question: so, for example, we'll allow picking firstname@ for the first people who request it? (like <a href="mailto:pietro@rust-lang.org">pietro@rust-lang.org</a>)</p>



<a name="222595752"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222595752" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jake Goulding <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222595752">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:19)</a>:</h4>
<p>sounds reasonable to me:</p>
<ol>
<li>you get ghusername by default, can opt-out</li>
<li>you can add (one? a small number?) of aliases</li>
</ol>
<p>If your alias conflicts with someones ghusername, you lose it to them <span aria-label="wink" class="emoji emoji-1f609" role="img" title="wink">:wink:</span></p>



<a name="222595758"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222595758" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222595758">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>yeah, conflicts might be a thing. I know my university came up with mrousskov3 (though I honestly have a hard time believing there was 2-3 predecessors)</p>



<a name="222595845"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222595845" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jake Goulding <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222595845">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>Should we have an alias squatting policy /s</p>



<a name="222595887"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222595887" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> kennytm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222595887">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>namespace it <span aria-label="upside down" class="emoji emoji-1f643" role="img" title="upside down">:upside_down:</span></p>



<a name="222595923"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222595923" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222595923">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:21)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think first come first serve, or otherwise under core's discretion or so seems fine for now</p>



<a name="222595948"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222595948" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jake Goulding <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222595948">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:21)</a>:</h4>
<p><code>kennytm@shepmaster.rust-lang.org</code></p>



<a name="222595990"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222595990" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222595990">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:21)</a>:</h4>
<p>we'll also want a policy for the future in terms of what happens when people leave/get banned</p>



<a name="222596132"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222596132" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jake Goulding <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222596132">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>in a corporate structure, I'd say that email should go to the manager for a time period after leaving</p>



<a name="222596187"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222596187" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jake Goulding <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222596187">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>so maybe to the team lead or team group email</p>



<a name="222596261"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222596261" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222596261">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:23)</a>:</h4>
<p>that can be tricky</p>



<a name="222596322"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222596322" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222596322">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:23)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think we can figure out on a case-by-case basis, we should just make sure system is designed to handle it ok</p>



<a name="222596426"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222596426" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222596426">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:24)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="116155">Jake Goulding</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13/near/222596187">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>so maybe to the team lead or team group email</p>
</blockquote>
<p>there are people who accidentally end up joining the "who's member of more teams" contest, and I know that for a fact because that happened with myself <span aria-label="upside down" class="emoji emoji-1f643" role="img" title="upside down">:upside_down:</span></p>



<a name="222596522"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222596522" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222596522">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:24)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'd be tempted to say "just bounce those emails"</p>



<a name="222596693"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222596693" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222596693">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:25)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="121055">Pietro Albini</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13/near/222596522">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>I'd be tempted to say "just bounce those emails"</p>
</blockquote>
<p>I could see us wanting e.g password reset or so, for cases where a rust-lang-owner account is complicated or not possible</p>



<a name="222596709"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222596709" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222596709">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>but generally, yes</p>



<a name="222596885"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222596885" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222596885">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:26)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="116122">simulacrum</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13/near/222596693">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="121055">Pietro Albini</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13/near/222596522">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>I'd be tempted to say "just bounce those emails"</p>
</blockquote>
<p>I could see us wanting e.g password reset or so, for cases where a rust-lang-owner account is complicated or not possible</p>
</blockquote>
<p>sure, but like, in those cases we can temporary re-create the mailbox</p>



<a name="222596899"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222596899" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222596899">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>yeah</p>



<a name="222596946"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222596946" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222596946">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:27)</a>:</h4>
<p>I just mean that there should be no expectation that you leaving means no one will see incoming mail</p>



<a name="222597003"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222597003" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222597003">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:27)</a>:</h4>
<p>(or, for that matter, during your presence, since we can't avoid it for legal reasons in some cases)</p>



<a name="222597167"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222597167" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222597167">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>yeah, I would expect that @rust-lang.org emails should only be used for project stuff (i.e. not using it as your main mail) and to adhere to the CoC when using it</p>



<a name="222597368"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222597368" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222597368">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:29)</a>:</h4>
<p>yep, that would make sense to me.</p>



<a name="222597415"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222597415" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jake Goulding <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222597415">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:29)</a>:</h4>
<p>expect =&gt; put in a document with the rest of this :-)</p>



<a name="222597425"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222597425" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222597425">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:29)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="116122">simulacrum</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13/near/222595515">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>but also alias ghusername@ for where it exists, unless they ask us not to</p>
</blockquote>
<p>last thing I'd want to say, I'm not sure opting out of ghusername@ is something we'll want to allow</p>



<a name="222597444"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222597444" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222597444">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:29)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="116155">Jake Goulding</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13/near/222597415">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>expect =&gt; put in a document with the rest of this :-)</p>
</blockquote>
<p>definitely</p>



<a name="222597610"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222597610" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222597610">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:30)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="121055">Pietro Albini</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13/near/222597425">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>last thing I'd want to say, I'm not sure opting out of ghusername@ is something we'll want to allow</p>
</blockquote>
<p>it will make things weird for people, and if they start getting harassed we can block the senders or temporarily disable the mailbox</p>



<a name="222597690"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222597690" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222597690">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:31)</a>:</h4>
<p>also because if they're using the github username to harass someone... well... they can do the same on github</p>



<a name="222597764"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222597764" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222597764">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:31)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yeah I don't expect it to be a thing</p>



<a name="222597808"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222597808" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222597808">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:31)</a>:</h4>
<p>it's more so that e.g. our lawyer might not want to be associated with a personal github or something</p>



<a name="222597892"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222597892" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222597892">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:32)</a>:</h4>
<p>and while these aren't... really public, it's awkward to rely on that</p>



<a name="222598018"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222598018" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222598018">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>hmm</p>



<a name="222598083"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222598083" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222598083">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'd expect foundation staff to be under a different policy than the rest of the project</p>



<a name="222598093"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222598093" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jake Goulding <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222598093">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>oh yeah, people who arent on github</p>



<a name="222598158"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222598158" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jake Goulding <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222598158">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>can one contribute and not be on github <span aria-label="thinking" class="emoji emoji-1f914" role="img" title="thinking">:thinking:</span></p>



<a name="222598211"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222598211" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222598211">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:34)</a>:</h4>
<p>but then they can't join a team</p>



<a name="222598232"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222598232" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222598232">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:34)</a>:</h4>
<p>at least with the current setup for the whole team management thing</p>



<a name="222598353"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222598353" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222598353">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:34)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok</p>



<a name="222598369"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222598369" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222598369">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:35)</a>:</h4>
<p>not really important</p>



<a name="222598392"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222598392" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222598392">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:35)</a>:</h4>
<p>so</p>



<a name="222598418"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222598418" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222598418">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:35)</a>:</h4>
<blockquote>
<p>Each person will have <code>githubusername@rust-lang.org</code>, and they will be able to choose a custom alias on a first-come first-serve basis. In case of naming conflicts the Core Team will make a the final decision.</p>
<p>The mailbox will be disabled after someone leaves the project. The mailbox should only be used for project business, the CoC will adhere to communications sent through it (as you represent the project with that email) and it might be accessed by members of the project with elevated privileges if the need arises.</p>
</blockquote>



<a name="222598442"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222598442" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222598442">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:35)</a>:</h4>
<p>do we have consensus on this?</p>



<a name="222598617"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222598617" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222598617">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think "infra or legal" might be too small, but it's not the most important thing - it's basically project property is the idea.</p>



<a name="222598719"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222598719" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222598719">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:37)</a>:</h4>
<p>better <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116122">@simulacrum</span>?</p>



<a name="222598732"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222598732" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222598732">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:37)</a>:</h4>
<p>sure.</p>



<a name="222598763"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222598763" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222598763">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:37)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok then!</p>



<a name="222598853"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222598853" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222598853">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:38)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'll add this to an issue, and we'll approve or tweak it next week</p>



<a name="222598947"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222598947" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222598947">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:38)</a>:</h4>
<p>the second point to discuss is what we want the address to be</p>



<a name="222599046"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222599046" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222599046">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:38)</a>:</h4>
<p>the options that come to mind are:<br>
a. receive-only forwarding<br>
b. forwarding with separate smtp credentials to send<br>
c. full mailbox</p>



<a name="222599110"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222599110" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222599110">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think we need at least b</p>



<a name="222599143"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222599143" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jake Goulding <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222599143">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yeah, gotta be able to send from it IMO</p>



<a name="222599190"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222599190" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222599190">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>personally I'd say (c) is better</p>



<a name="222599230"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222599230" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222599230">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:40)</a>:</h4>
<p>I am inclined to say the difference between b and c is going to come down to what provider we use. I think c is the best, but if it's complicated, b is sufficient</p>



<a name="222599269"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222599269" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222599269">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:40)</a>:</h4>
<p>but I'm not sure how much of an hassle it will be for people to check a separate mailbox</p>



<a name="222599282"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222599282" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222599282">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:40)</a>:</h4>
<p>i.e. we must have b but c is ideal</p>



<a name="222599312"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222599312" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222599312">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:40)</a>:</h4>
<p>folks should be able to setup forwarding themselves from almost any mailbox</p>



<a name="222599351"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222599351" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222599351">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:40)</a>:</h4>
<p>(I'd guess that's like standard functionality)</p>



<a name="222599357"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222599357" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222599357">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:40)</a>:</h4>
<p>that's true</p>



<a name="222599676"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222599676" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222599676">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:42)</a>:</h4>
<p>any opinion on this <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116155">@Jake Goulding</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="125254">@kennytm</span>?</p>



<a name="222599742"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222599742" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> kennytm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222599742">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:42)</a>:</h4>
<p>LGTM</p>



<a name="222599791"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222599791" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jake Goulding <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222599791">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:43)</a>:</h4>
<p>I already have 3-4 mail accounts, so for me it's fine.</p>



<a name="222599867"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222599867" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222599867">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:43)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok so I have</p>
<blockquote>
<p>We need both the ability to send and receive emails. It's preferred to have a full mailbox, but if the service we end up using doesn't support it a forwarding alias with SMTP credentials could also work.</p>
</blockquote>



<a name="222599899"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222599899" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222599899">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:43)</a>:</h4>
<p>which I think covers everything</p>



<a name="222600099"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222600099" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222600099">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:44)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok then, then the last question is what we'd actually want to use</p>



<a name="222600120"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222600120" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222600120">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:45)</a>:</h4>
<p>or actually, wait</p>



<a name="222600186"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222600186" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222600186">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:45)</a>:</h4>
<p>does anyone else have separate decisions they think should be made before the vendors? <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="261224">@triagebot</span> await</p>



<a name="222600189"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222600189" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> triagebot <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222600189">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:45)</a>:</h4>
<p>Does anyone have something to add on the current topic?<br>
React with <span aria-label="working on it" class="emoji emoji-1f6e0" role="img" title="working on it">:working_on_it:</span> if you have something to say.<br>
React with <span aria-label="all good" class="emoji emoji-2705" role="img" title="all good">:all_good:</span> if not.</p>



<a name="222600232"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222600232" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222600232">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:45)</a>:</h4>
<p>(I think that should be the last)</p>



<a name="222600383"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222600383" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222600383">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:46)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116122">@simulacrum</span>?</p>



<a name="222600416"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222600416" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222600416">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:46)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok then!</p>



<a name="222600457"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222600457" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222600457">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:47)</a>:</h4>
<p>what do y'all think should be used for this?</p>



<a name="222600505"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222600505" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222600505">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:47)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm <em>really</em> against running our own mailserver for the record</p>



<a name="222600558"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222600558" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jake Goulding <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222600558">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:47)</a>:</h4>
<p>DKIM SPDF OHNO</p>



<a name="222600652"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222600652" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jake Goulding <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222600652">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:48)</a>:</h4>
<p>rewrite mail server in Rust, then host it ourselves?</p>



<a name="222600713"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222600713" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222600713">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:48)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm happy with gsuite or whatever, only hosted thing I've used though</p>



<a name="222600953"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222600953" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222600953">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:49)</a>:</h4>
<p>I personally think it would be a great opportunity to start using one of the big hosted suites</p>



<a name="222601139"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222601139" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222601139">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:50)</a>:</h4>
<p>as that could also be a way to eventually standardize video call software, documents storage, mailing list with archives, SSO, etc</p>



<a name="222601498"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222601498" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222601498">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:52)</a>:</h4>
<p>and I'd personally lean torwards gsuite as that's what some teams at least are using for document storage already (plus msteams is... not the best in my personal opinion)</p>



<a name="222601569"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222601569" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222601569">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:53)</a>:</h4>
<p>but I don't think which hosted vendor we integrate with matters too much</p>



<a name="222601589"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222601589" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222601589">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:53)</a>:</h4>
<p>if we want to go with one</p>



<a name="222601606"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222601606" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jake Goulding <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222601606">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:53)</a>:</h4>
<p>Too bad there's no real solution that's not one of the existing 800-lb gorillas</p>



<a name="222602062"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222602062" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222602062">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:56)</a>:</h4>
<p>so, is something like this a preliminar consensus?</p>
<blockquote>
<p>We won't manage our own mail server. Using a service that provides a full suite of services (mail, document collaboration, storage, video calls, SSO) is preferred to reduce the amount of tools we have to manage. Some members of the team have a slight leaning torwards GSuite.</p>
</blockquote>



<a name="222602165"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222602165" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jake Goulding <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222602165">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:57)</a>:</h4>
<p>"won't" is strong, but if that's what is meant, I'm fine with it</p>



<a name="222602359"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222602359" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222602359">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:58)</a>:</h4>
<p>it's a "Pietro refuses to run it, volunteers?"</p>



<a name="222602365"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222602365" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222602365">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:58)</a>:</h4>
<p>mostly</p>



<a name="222602381"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222602381" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222602381">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:58)</a>:</h4>
<p>ran enough mail servers in my life</p>



<a name="222602383"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222602383" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jake Goulding <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222602383">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:58)</a>:</h4>
<p>I figured <span aria-label="wink" class="emoji emoji-1f609" role="img" title="wink">:wink:</span></p>



<a name="222602417"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222602417" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222602417">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:58)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116122">@simulacrum</span>?</p>



<a name="222602448"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222602448" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222602448">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:59)</a>:</h4>
<p>no thoughts</p>



<a name="222602473"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222602473" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222602473">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:59)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok then!</p>



<a name="222602493"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222602493" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222602493">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:59)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'll record this in an issue and forward it to aidan so he can look at it before next meeting</p>



<a name="222602575"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222602575" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222602575">(Jan 13 2021 at 15:59)</a>:</h4>
<p>there is another small update I want to make</p>



<a name="222602659"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222602659" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222602659">(Jan 13 2021 at 16:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>the core team also feels the need for private data in the team repository</p>



<a name="222602746"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222602746" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222602746">(Jan 13 2021 at 16:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>I opened <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/team/pull/515">https://github.com/rust-lang/team/pull/515</a> as a stopgap to solve the urgent problem, but core is gonna prepare a set of directions for the future of the team repo</p>



<a name="222602772"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222602772" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222602772">(Jan 13 2021 at 16:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>and we're out of time!</p>



<a name="222602785"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222602785" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222602785">(Jan 13 2021 at 16:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>thanks everyone for attending!</p>



<a name="222602788"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222602788" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222602788">(Jan 13 2021 at 16:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>\o</p>



<a name="222602801"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222602801" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222602801">(Jan 13 2021 at 16:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>\o</p>



<a name="222602806"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222602806" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> kennytm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222602806">(Jan 13 2021 at 16:01)</a>:</h4>
<p>\o</p>



<a name="222602809"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222602809" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jake Goulding <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222602809">(Jan 13 2021 at 16:01)</a>:</h4>
<p>clearly the data is bank account numbers to send us huge amounts of <span aria-label="money" class="emoji emoji-1f4b0" role="img" title="money">:money:</span></p>



<a name="222602826"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222602826" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jake Goulding <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222602826">(Jan 13 2021 at 16:01)</a>:</h4>
<p>\o</p>



<a name="222615409"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222615409" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222615409">(Jan 13 2021 at 17:23)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="117568">@Aidan Hobson Sayers</span> you might want to check the full backscroll, but the main topic we talked about was inboxes for team members, and a general summary is available here: <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/infra-team/issues/38">https://github.com/rust-lang/infra-team/issues/38</a></p>



<a name="222615525"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-13/near/222615525" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-13.html#222615525">(Jan 13 2021 at 17:24)</a>:</h4>
<p>my plan is to talk about it again next week, to hopefully reach full consensus</p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 20:01 UTC</p>
</html>