<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>meeting 2021-04-12 · t-infra · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/index.html">t-infra</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html">meeting 2021-04-12</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="234193033"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234193033" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234193033">(Apr 12 2021 at 16:53)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="2943">@T-infra</span> T-7 minutes!</p>



<a name="234193873"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234193873" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jake Goulding <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234193873">(Apr 12 2021 at 16:59)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm in training again this week; nothing interesting to report, other than I really wish rustfmt was building.</p>



<a name="234194048"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234194048" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234194048">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:00)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="2943">@T-infra</span> meeting time!</p>



<a name="234194080"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234194080" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> kennytm <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234194080">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>o/</p>



<a name="234194142"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234194142" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234194142">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>o/</p>



<a name="234194330"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234194330" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234194330">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think it's the first meeting of the month loosely speaking, right?</p>



<a name="234194382"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234194382" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234194382">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>we didn't do issue triage last week</p>



<a name="234194476"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234194476" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234194476">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>oh right I was going to say "we have no issues to look at" but you're right, last week's monday was a holiday in most of the EU and the meeting was... short :)</p>



<a name="234194575"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234194575" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234194575">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>let's start with those then</p>



<a name="234194631"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234194631" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234194631">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>Cargotest enhancements <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/70659">#70659</a></p>



<a name="234194816"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234194816" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234194816">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'd say... let's stop tracking that issue?</p>



<a name="234194855"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234194855" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234194855">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>o/</p>



<a name="234194861"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234194861" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234194861">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>I wouldn't go as far as closing it, but it's not high priority and there is nobody willing to work on it</p>



<a name="234194932"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234194932" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234194932">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>hm, in what way?</p>



<a name="234194940"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234194940" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234194940">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>like, it's p-medium</p>



<a name="234195002"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234195002" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234195002">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>yeah, that was a bad choice of words re-reading that :)</p>



<a name="234195003"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234195003" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234195003">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think we could untag it, I suppose, or lower to p-low</p>



<a name="234195092"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234195092" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234195092">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:06)</a>:</h4>
<p>p-low sounds good - that's implicitly where it is anyway</p>



<a name="234195111"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234195111" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234195111">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:06)</a>:</h4>
<p>I don't think checking in every month is useful, let's move it to p-low</p>



<a name="234195149"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234195149" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234195149">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:06)</a>:</h4>
<p>Re-enable LLVM and debug assertions for slow builders <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/59637">#59637</a></p>



<a name="234195174"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234195174" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234195174">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:06)</a>:</h4>
<p>same as always, our macOS builders aren't fast enough to re-enable this</p>



<a name="234195220"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234195220" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234195220">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>macOS packages and Windows MSIs are not signed <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/27694">#27694</a></p>



<a name="234195226"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234195226" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234195226">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think we should keep tracking it - was there some monitoring work going on behind the scenes on this?</p>



<a name="234195241"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234195241" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234195241">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>(uh, for 59637)</p>



<a name="234195248"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234195248" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234195248">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>IIRC I saw some monitorbot pr</p>



<a name="234195250"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234195250" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234195250">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>maybe someday we'll get M1 macs which are apparently significantly faster ;)</p>



<a name="234195364"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234195364" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234195364">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:08)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="116122">simulacrum</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12/near/234195226">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>I think we should keep tracking it - was there some monitoring work going on behind the scenes on this?</p>
</blockquote>
<p>so, we should definitely keep tracking <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/59637">#59637</a>, mostly as a reminder to re-enable those once CI gets faster</p>



<a name="234195391"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234195391" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234195391">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>but the monitorbot PR is more about monitoring our self-hosted agents</p>



<a name="234195443"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234195443" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234195443">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>right, I'm saying - are we tracking that CI gets faster thing yet? I know I've been thinking about some metrics there recently while looking at the crater/perf.rust-lang.org metrics</p>



<a name="234195611"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234195611" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234195611">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think alex's tool to monitor CI times got broken at some point (possibly due to the gha migration), and that was our only way to have graphs of PR times</p>



<a name="234195793"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234195793" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234195793">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok, that's what I thought</p>



<a name="234195815"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234195815" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234195815">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>anyway, we can move on</p>



<a name="234195862"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234195862" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234195862">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>the perf improvements I think we need to get before we can re-enable assertions are in the order of half hour/one hour though, and that'd be a big enough change we'd notice without monitoring, especially because it'd likely require getting faster machines</p>



<a name="234195929"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234195929" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234195929">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>getting monitoring up for PR times eventually would be great</p>



<a name="234195973"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234195973" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234195973">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:12)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="261224">@triagebot</span> await</p>



<a name="234195976"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234195976" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> triagebot <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234195976">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>Does anyone have something to add on the current topic?<br>
React with <span aria-label="working on it" class="emoji emoji-1f6e0" role="img" title="working on it">:working_on_it:</span> if you have something to say.<br>
React with <span aria-label="all good" class="emoji emoji-2705" role="img" title="all good">:all_good:</span> if not.</p>



<a name="234196050"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234196050" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234196050">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok! last p-medium issue is "macOS packages and Windows MSIs are not signed <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/27694">#27694</a>"</p>



<a name="234196134"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234196134" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234196134">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>this feels like an issue that the foundation may be able to help us with</p>



<a name="234196206"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234196206" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234196206">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>there wasn't progress on my end on this, and yeah we should bubble this up to the foundation</p>



<a name="234196305"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234196305" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234196305">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:14)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="261224">@triagebot</span> await</p>



<a name="234196306"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234196306" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> triagebot <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234196306">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:15)</a>:</h4>
<p>Does anyone have something to add on the current topic?<br>
React with <span aria-label="working on it" class="emoji emoji-1f6e0" role="img" title="working on it">:working_on_it:</span> if you have something to say.<br>
React with <span aria-label="all good" class="emoji emoji-2705" role="img" title="all good">:all_good:</span> if not.</p>



<a name="234196331"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234196331" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234196331">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:15)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok, I'll work with you on bubbling up/handing over</p>



<a name="234196354"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234196354" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Joshua Nelson <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234196354">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:15)</a>:</h4>
<blockquote>
<p>I really wish rustfmt was building.</p>
</blockquote>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="320317">Caleb Cartwright</span> and I have been working intermittently on turning rustfmt into a subtree</p>



<a name="234196382"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234196382" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234196382">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:15)</a>:</h4>
<p><span aria-label="thumbs up" class="emoji emoji-1f44d" role="img" title="thumbs up">:thumbs_up:</span> I suspect it's a pretty light thing to bubble up, the vast majority of the work IIRC was on the implementation rather than policy/cost side here.</p>



<a name="234196408"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234196408" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Joshua Nelson <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234196408">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:15)</a>:</h4>
<p>Unfortunately most of his time is currently being spent on fixing toolstate :( sort of a chicken and egg problem</p>



<a name="234196519"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234196519" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234196519">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:16)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="116122">simulacrum</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12/near/234196382">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p><span aria-label="thumbs up" class="emoji emoji-1f44d" role="img" title="thumbs up">:thumbs_up:</span> I suspect it's a pretty light thing to bubble up, the vast majority of the work IIRC was on the implementation rather than policy/cost side here.</p>
</blockquote>
<p>yes, but some parts of the impl depend on what certs we buy (especially around windows ones)</p>



<a name="234196549"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234196549" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234196549">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>anyway, moving on the agenda</p>



<a name="234196609"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234196609" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234196609">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>the first item there is <a href="http://crates.io">crates.io</a> monitoring</p>



<a name="234196611"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234196611" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234196611">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:17)</a>:</h4>
<p><a href="https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/crates.io-monitoring--BItvKW0ViHGOuH1jJgNdgh5QAg-JWf5AxfJ1Nbc3lLuNcaTy">https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/crates.io-monitoring--BItvKW0ViHGOuH1jJgNdgh5QAg-JWf5AxfJ1Nbc3lLuNcaTy</a></p>



<a name="234196649"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234196649" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234196649">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>the doc there is finished, and I'd love to hear what y'all think</p>



<a name="234196678"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234196678" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234196678">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>(I still think the "run prometheus on dynos" is the best approach)</p>



<a name="234196830"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234196830" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234196830">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:18)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yeah, I need to respond to your comments still. I am leaning towards that option as well, but need to do some more thinking and research -- I'll try to leave additional feedback by EOD tomorrow.</p>



<a name="234196940"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234196940" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234196940">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:19)</a>:</h4>
<p>One thing on that actually</p>



<a name="234197084"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234197084" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234197084">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>From what I can tell, if we do end up going with the remote write API, we'll require an update to our prometheus server no matter what. Since it seems good to update regardless, and brings us some other improvements (nothing too noteworthy, but nice), should we try to do that sooner rather than later?</p>



<a name="234197118"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234197118" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234197118">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>that sounds great, I'll look into it over this week</p>



<a name="234197193"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234197193" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234197193">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:21)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think we'll potentially want to not hop ~12 versions in one go, but some research on that is likely necessary :)</p>



<a name="234197269"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234197269" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234197269">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:21)</a>:</h4>
<p>my plan was to test the upgrade on my local copy of the monitoring VM to see how the upgrade goes</p>



<a name="234197319"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234197319" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234197319">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yeah, that sounds like an excellent plan.</p>



<a name="234197379"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234197379" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234197379">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:22)</a>:</h4>
<p><span aria-label="thumbs up" class="emoji emoji-1f44d" role="img" title="thumbs up">:thumbs_up:</span></p>



<a name="234197384"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234197384" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234197384">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:22)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="261224">@triagebot</span> await</p>



<a name="234197388"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234197388" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> triagebot <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234197388">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>Does anyone have something to add on the current topic?<br>
React with <span aria-label="working on it" class="emoji emoji-1f6e0" role="img" title="working on it">:working_on_it:</span> if you have something to say.<br>
React with <span aria-label="all good" class="emoji emoji-2705" role="img" title="all good">:all_good:</span> if not.</p>



<a name="234197484"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234197484" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234197484">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:23)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok!</p>



<a name="234197507"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234197507" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234197507">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:23)</a>:</h4>
<p>any other topics to bring up?</p>



<a name="234197565"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234197565" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234197565">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:24)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm wondering if there is something infra can do to help with subtrees (cc <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="232545">@Joshua Nelson</span>)</p>



<a name="234197673"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234197673" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234197673">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:24)</a>:</h4>
<p>I don't think so</p>



<a name="234197688"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234197688" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234197688">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:24)</a>:</h4>
<p>I did have a minor topic (also on monitoring as it so happens)</p>



<a name="234197704"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234197704" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Joshua Nelson <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234197704">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:24)</a>:</h4>
<p>(One sec zulip is being buggy)</p>



<a name="234197739"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234197739" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234197739">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>but it's mostly just a wish list thing - I was annoyed a bit recently at just having 7 days history</p>



<a name="234197812"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234197812" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Joshua Nelson <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234197812">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>I don't think so really - there are already instructions for doing syncs in the clippy readme and I don't think it's <em>too</em> complicated other than that</p>



<a name="234197843"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234197843" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Joshua Nelson <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234197843">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>Other than every tool being different, but like, that's not something you can plan for</p>



<a name="234197958"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234197958" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234197958">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>hmm <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116122">@simulacrum</span>, how much history would you need?</p>



<a name="234197997"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234197997" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234197997">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>I was thinking we could go to a month or so, it's mostly just that it can be hard to see trends right now</p>



<a name="234198059"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234198059" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234198059">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:27)</a>:</h4>
<p>right now 7 days use roughly 3gb of storage</p>



<a name="234198095"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234198095" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234198095">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:27)</a>:</h4>
<p>but ultimately we want something more like a year for that, likely with downsampling, which is pretty annoying to do with prometheus as far as I can tell</p>



<a name="234198157"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234198157" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234198157">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:27)</a>:</h4>
<p>(OTOH, 3gb -&gt; 1 year = ~160 GB, which seems quite small)</p>



<a name="234198266"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234198266" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234198266">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>but anyway, as I said, no big deal either way</p>



<a name="234198316"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234198316" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234198316">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>switching to a month is trivial, I can do it right after this meeting</p>



<a name="234198506"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234198506" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234198506">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:30)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116122">@simulacrum</span> could you look more into prometheus downsampling so we can decide what to store in the long term?</p>



<a name="234198522"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234198522" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234198522">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:30)</a>:</h4>
<p>afaik, it's not supported natively</p>



<a name="234198558"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234198558" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234198558">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:30)</a>:</h4>
<p>you have to switch to some other storage backend</p>



<a name="234198604"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234198604" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234198604">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:30)</a>:</h4>
<p>but ultimately the trends thing is more of a 'mark likes longer graphs' not a 'mark has reasons to believe this is helpful'</p>



<a name="234198634"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234198634" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234198634">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:31)</a>:</h4>
<p>who doesn't like longer graphs</p>



<a name="234198671"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234198671" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234198671">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:31)</a>:</h4>
<p>I agree that even the ~150gb for a full year does not really make a dent in our infra costs, but my worry with that is it makes adding more metrics a thing we should think about</p>



<a name="234198677"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234198677" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234198677">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:31)</a>:</h4>
<p>the other side is that if we look to set up more alerting, a month will help to calibrate the trigger conditions</p>



<a name="234198815"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234198815" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234198815">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:32)</a>:</h4>
<p>but in any case, let's switch to a month and we can do some more thinking in the long run</p>



<a name="234198845"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234198845" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234198845">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:32)</a>:</h4>
<p>yep</p>



<a name="234198856"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234198856" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234198856">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:32)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="261224">@triagebot</span> end-meeting</p>



<a name="234198859"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234198859" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> triagebot <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234198859">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:32)</a>:</h4>
<p>Does anyone have something to bring up?<br>
React with <span aria-label="working on it" class="emoji emoji-1f6e0" role="img" title="working on it">:working_on_it:</span> if you have something to say.<br>
React with <span aria-label="all good" class="emoji emoji-2705" role="img" title="all good">:all_good:</span> if you're ready to end the meeting.</p>



<a name="234199025"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234199025" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234199025">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>thanks everyone for attending then!</p>



<a name="234199027"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234199027" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234199027">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>\o</p>



<a name="234199113"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234199113" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234199113">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:34)</a>:</h4>
<p>\o</p>



<a name="234199125"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234199125" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> kennytm <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234199125">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:34)</a>:</h4>
<p>\o</p>



<a name="234199133"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234199133" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234199133">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:34)</a>:</h4>
<p>\o</p>



<a name="234199229"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-04-12/near/234199229" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Joshua Nelson <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-04-12.html#234199229">(Apr 12 2021 at 17:35)</a>:</h4>
<p>\o</p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Aug 07 2021 at 22:04 UTC</p>
</html>