<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>meeting 2021-06-07 · t-infra · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/index.html">t-infra</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-06-07.html">meeting 2021-06-07</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="241807615"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-06-07/near/241807615" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-06-07.html#241807615">(Jun 07 2021 at 17:00)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="2943">@T-infra</span> meeting time!</p>



<a name="241807660"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-06-07/near/241807660" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-06-07.html#241807660">(Jun 07 2021 at 17:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>o/</p>



<a name="241807683"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-06-07/near/241807683" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jake Goulding <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-06-07.html#241807683">(Jun 07 2021 at 17:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>o/</p>



<a name="241807868"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-06-07/near/241807868" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jake Goulding <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-06-07.html#241807868">(Jun 07 2021 at 17:01)</a>:</h4>
<p>Of course, the big news today is that WWDC keynote just started ;-)</p>



<a name="241807937"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-06-07/near/241807937" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-06-07.html#241807937">(Jun 07 2021 at 17:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>o/</p>



<a name="241807989"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-06-07/near/241807989" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-06-07.html#241807989">(Jun 07 2021 at 17:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>so I guess jake is going to be distracted? <span aria-label="sweat smile" class="emoji emoji-1f605" role="img" title="sweat smile">:sweat_smile:</span></p>



<a name="241808008"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-06-07/near/241808008" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-06-07.html#241808008">(Jun 07 2021 at 17:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok let's start</p>



<a name="241808053"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-06-07/near/241808053" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-06-07.html#241808053">(Jun 07 2021 at 17:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>we have no nominated/high/backports issues to look at</p>



<a name="241808084"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-06-07/near/241808084" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-06-07.html#241808084">(Jun 07 2021 at 17:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>it's the first of the month, so let's take a look at the medium issues</p>



<a name="241808110"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-06-07/near/241808110" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-06-07.html#241808110">(Jun 07 2021 at 17:03)</a>:</h4>
<blockquote>
<p>Re-enable LLVM and debug assertions for slow builders <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/59637">#59637</a></p>
</blockquote>



<a name="241808121"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-06-07/near/241808121" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-06-07.html#241808121">(Jun 07 2021 at 17:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>no news on this afaik</p>



<a name="241808139"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-06-07/near/241808139" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-06-07.html#241808139">(Jun 07 2021 at 17:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>That's correct.</p>



<a name="241808143"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-06-07/near/241808143" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-06-07.html#241808143">(Jun 07 2021 at 17:03)</a>:</h4>
<blockquote>
<p>macOS packages and Windows MSIs are not signed <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/27694">#27694</a></p>
</blockquote>



<a name="241808241"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-06-07/near/241808241" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-06-07.html#241808241">(Jun 07 2021 at 17:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>does anyone have the time to work on this? otherwise I'd still defer</p>



<a name="241808262"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-06-07/near/241808262" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-06-07.html#241808262">(Jun 07 2021 at 17:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>this is kinda waiting on foundation a bit, right?</p>



<a name="241808304"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-06-07/near/241808304" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-06-07.html#241808304">(Jun 07 2021 at 17:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>a bit on the foundation to acquire the certs, but there's a bunch of investigation and technical work</p>



<a name="241808347"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-06-07/near/241808347" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-06-07.html#241808347">(Jun 07 2021 at 17:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>Not currently, deferring seems appropriate. I'm confident we can clear the legal/financial side, but the infra work is significant</p>



<a name="241808474"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-06-07/near/241808474" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-06-07.html#241808474">(Jun 07 2021 at 17:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok! those are all the medium issues</p>



<a name="241808501"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-06-07/near/241808501" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-06-07.html#241808501">(Jun 07 2021 at 17:06)</a>:</h4>
<p>I might leave a comment on the issue saying that that issue is the place where progress is tracked</p>



<a name="241808622"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-06-07/near/241808622" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-06-07.html#241808622">(Jun 07 2021 at 17:06)</a>:</h4>
<p>the only topic on the agenda is some email notices we got to admin@</p>



<a name="241808686"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-06-07/near/241808686" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-06-07.html#241808686">(Jun 07 2021 at 17:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>namely:</p>
<ul>
<li>heroku dns changes</li>
<li>aws lambda deprecations for nodejs and python2</li>
</ul>



<a name="241808729"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-06-07/near/241808729" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-06-07.html#241808729">(Jun 07 2021 at 17:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>sorry, one sec</p>



<a name="241808744"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-06-07/near/241808744" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-06-07.html#241808744">(Jun 07 2021 at 17:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>with the signing</p>



<a name="241808797"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-06-07/near/241808797" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-06-07.html#241808797">(Jun 07 2021 at 17:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>is there a link to the previous discussion that <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="121055">@Pietro Albini</span> and <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116122">@simulacrum</span> had around the signing that I can link to?</p>



<a name="241808851"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-06-07/near/241808851" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-06-07.html#241808851">(Jun 07 2021 at 17:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>e.g. if someone wanted to do investigation themselves, where they'd start</p>



<a name="241808907"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-06-07/near/241808907" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-06-07.html#241808907">(Jun 07 2021 at 17:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>I <em>think</em> there's something somewhere, I'll look for it after the meeting</p>



<a name="241808925"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-06-07/near/241808925" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-06-07.html#241808925">(Jun 07 2021 at 17:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>thanks</p>



<a name="241808943"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-06-07/near/241808943" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-06-07.html#241808943">(Jun 07 2021 at 17:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>let's continue then</p>



<a name="241808957"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-06-07/near/241808957" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-06-07.html#241808957">(Jun 07 2021 at 17:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>on someone doing the investigation, I'm a bit worried</p>



<a name="241809021"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-06-07/near/241809021" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-06-07.html#241809021">(Jun 07 2021 at 17:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think the majority of it is impl and design (of the impl) work right now, less broad strokes investigation</p>



<a name="241809081"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-06-07/near/241809081" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-06-07.html#241809081">(Jun 07 2021 at 17:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>mostly because there are the constraints of our environment to keep into account, and I'm not sure I personally have the time to mentor or collaborate in that process</p>



<a name="241809167"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-06-07/near/241809167" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-06-07.html#241809167">(Jun 07 2021 at 17:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>a sketch of the work to be done would be useful in case this falls out of both of your volatile memory :)</p>



<a name="241809206"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-06-07/near/241809206" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-06-07.html#241809206">(Jun 07 2021 at 17:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>(even if that's just "link to discussion")</p>



<a name="241809223"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-06-07/near/241809223" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-06-07.html#241809223">(Jun 07 2021 at 17:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>you're not wrong, but my todo list is looking angry at me <span aria-label="rolling eyes" class="emoji emoji-1f644" role="img" title="rolling eyes">:rolling_eyes:</span></p>



<a name="241809349"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-06-07/near/241809349" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-06-07.html#241809349">(Jun 07 2021 at 17:11)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="116122">simulacrum</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-06-07/near/241809021">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>I think the majority of it is impl and design (of the impl) work right now, less broad strokes investigation</p>
</blockquote>
<p>I think at least for windows there is some general investigation work needed, last time I checked last year I noticed that for windows EV a hardware token is needed, which with our infra could be problematic</p>



<a name="241809545"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-06-07/near/241809545" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-06-07.html#241809545">(Jun 07 2021 at 17:13)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="261224">@triagebot</span> await</p>



<a name="241809550"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-06-07/near/241809550" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> triagebot <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-06-07.html#241809550">(Jun 07 2021 at 17:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>Does anyone have something to add on the current topic?<br>
React with <span aria-label="working on it" class="emoji emoji-1f6e0" role="img" title="working on it">:working_on_it:</span> if you have something to say.<br>
React with <span aria-label="all good" class="emoji emoji-2705" role="img" title="all good">:all_good:</span> if not.</p>



<a name="241809699"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-06-07/near/241809699" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-06-07.html#241809699">(Jun 07 2021 at 17:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok! let's move on</p>



<a name="241809782"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-06-07/near/241809782" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-06-07.html#241809782">(Jun 07 2021 at 17:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>so, as I was saying before we got a couple notices to admin@</p>



<a name="241809799"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-06-07/near/241809799" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-06-07.html#241809799">(Jun 07 2021 at 17:14)</a>:</h4>
<ul>
<li>heroku dns changes</li>
<li>aws lambda deprecations for nodejs10 and python2</li>
</ul>



<a name="241809864"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-06-07/near/241809864" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-06-07.html#241809864">(Jun 07 2021 at 17:15)</a>:</h4>
<p>my current plan is to move them to issues in infra-team, and P-high heroku and P-medium aws</p>



<a name="241809901"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-06-07/near/241809901" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-06-07.html#241809901">(Jun 07 2021 at 17:15)</a>:</h4>
<p><span aria-label="thumbs up" class="emoji emoji-1f44d" role="img" title="thumbs up">:thumbs_up:</span></p>



<a name="241809949"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-06-07/near/241809949" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-06-07.html#241809949">(Jun 07 2021 at 17:15)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'll probably end up looking at the heroku one in the coming weeks as that could theoretically impact <a href="http://crates.io">crates.io</a> in prod</p>



<a name="241810062"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-06-07/near/241810062" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-06-07.html#241810062">(Jun 07 2021 at 17:16)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="261224">@triagebot</span> end-meeting</p>



<a name="241810064"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-06-07/near/241810064" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> triagebot <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-06-07.html#241810064">(Jun 07 2021 at 17:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>Does anyone have something to bring up?<br>
React with <span aria-label="working on it" class="emoji emoji-1f6e0" role="img" title="working on it">:working_on_it:</span> if you have something to say.<br>
React with <span aria-label="all good" class="emoji emoji-2705" role="img" title="all good">:all_good:</span> if you're ready to end the meeting.</p>



<a name="241810121"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-06-07/near/241810121" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-06-07.html#241810121">(Jun 07 2021 at 17:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok then! have a good week everyone!</p>



<a name="241810247"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-06-07/near/241810247" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-06-07.html#241810247">(Jun 07 2021 at 17:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>\o</p>



<a name="241811124"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-06-07/near/241811124" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-06-07.html#241811124">(Jun 07 2021 at 17:24)</a>:</h4>
<p>heroku mail: <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/infra-team/issues/41">https://github.com/rust-lang/infra-team/issues/41</a></p>



<a name="241811327"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-06-07/near/241811327" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-06-07.html#241811327">(Jun 07 2021 at 17:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>aws "mails": <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/infra-team/issues/33">https://github.com/rust-lang/infra-team/issues/33</a></p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 20:01 UTC</p>
</html>