<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>meeting 2021-01-20 · t-infra · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/index.html">t-infra</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html">meeting 2021-01-20</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="223383272"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223383272" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223383272">(Jan 20 2021 at 14:58)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="2943">@T-infra</span> t-2min!</p>



<a name="223383397"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223383397" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jake Goulding <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223383397">(Jan 20 2021 at 14:59)</a>:</h4>
<p>I’m running 2 to 5 minutes late but I should be there soon</p>



<a name="223383646"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223383646" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223383646">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:00)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="2943">@T-infra</span> meeting time!</p>



<a name="223383682"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223383682" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223383682">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>o/</p>



<a name="223383710"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223383710" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> kennytm <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223383710">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>o/</p>



<a name="223384298"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223384298" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223384298">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok, let's start!</p>



<a name="223384319"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223384319" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223384319">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>we have two P-high issues</p>



<a name="223384387"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223384387" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223384387">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:03)</a>:</h4>
<p><a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/80683">#80683</a> and <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/80494">#80494</a></p>



<a name="223384417"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223384417" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223384417">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>both of those are fixed on master and need to be backported over to beta</p>



<a name="223384420"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223384420" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223384420">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>o/</p>



<a name="223384508"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223384508" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223384508">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>so there should be no action on them from us</p>



<a name="223384574"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223384574" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223384574">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>backport PR is r+'d</p>



<a name="223384646"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223384646" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223384646">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>there was a delay due to rustfmt/rls but that is resolved now</p>



<a name="223384654"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223384654" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223384654">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>that's great <span aria-label="tada" class="emoji emoji-1f389" role="img" title="tada">:tada:</span></p>



<a name="223384677"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223384677" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jake Goulding <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223384677">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>o/</p>



<a name="223384682"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223384682" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223384682">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>thanks for being on top of this mark</p>



<a name="223384746"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223384746" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223384746">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>let's move over to the agenda!</p>



<a name="223384894"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223384894" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223384894">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>the first item we have is a followup on stopping to store the .gz tarballs on rust-lang-ci2</p>



<a name="223384957"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223384957" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223384957">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:05)</a>:</h4>
<p><a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/80753">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/80753</a></p>



<a name="223385231"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223385231" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223385231">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:06)</a>:</h4>
<p>we stopped uploading new <code>.gz</code> tarballs more than three weeks ago, and I'm not aware of any report of breakage due to that</p>



<a name="223385275"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223385275" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223385275">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:06)</a>:</h4>
<p>that's great</p>



<a name="223385309"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223385309" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223385309">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:06)</a>:</h4>
<p>well - we fixed breakage</p>



<a name="223385397"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223385397" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223385397">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>e.g. x.py broke on downloading the llvm tarballs with python 2, because python 2 doesn't have xz built in</p>



<a name="223385408"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223385408" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223385408">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>fixing breakage is also great :)</p>



<a name="223385480"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223385480" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223385480">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>which was actually not fixed, more like patched over</p>



<a name="223385500"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223385500" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223385500">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>huh - I thought this only affected CI. I hadn't realised x.py grabs things from CI</p>



<a name="223385545"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223385545" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223385545">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>forgot about that issue!</p>



<a name="223385601"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223385601" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223385601">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:08)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116122">@simulacrum</span> do you think the current situation is fine, or would you prefer to revert to uploading <code>.gz</code>?</p>



<a name="223385672"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223385672" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223385672">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think it's fine</p>



<a name="223385690"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223385690" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223385690">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>i'm eager to ditch python 2</p>



<a name="223385708"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223385708" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223385708">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>but Hard problem</p>



<a name="223385711"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223385711" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223385711">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>was there an issue raised you could link to?</p>



<a name="223385730"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223385730" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223385730">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>ah, not off hand</p>



<a name="223385834"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223385834" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223385834">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>no worries - what was the 'patch over' that we did?</p>



<a name="223385863"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223385863" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223385863">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:10)</a>:</h4>
<p><a href="#narrow/stream/182449-t-compiler.2Fhelp/topic/download-ci-llvm.20is.20broken.20again">https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/182449-t-compiler.2Fhelp/topic/download-ci-llvm.20is.20broken.20again</a></p>



<a name="223385876"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223385876" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223385876">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>we more eagerly run as python3</p>



<a name="223385911"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223385911" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223385911">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>by re-executing x.py with various python 3 invocations</p>



<a name="223386027"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223386027" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223386027">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think that seems good, this can be our nail in the coffin for py2 then</p>



<a name="223386157"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223386157" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223386157">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>it's unfortunately not even that easy, there's not a universal invocation for python (of any version) across just tier 3 targets iirc</p>



<a name="223386235"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223386235" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223386235">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>ah sorry, more as in - we nuke .gz, it's a de-facto removal of support for a default py2 install</p>



<a name="223386273"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223386273" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223386273">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>oh, this is just if you want to download llvm, but yes</p>



<a name="223386301"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223386301" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223386301">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>you can build it locally too :)</p>



<a name="223386345"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223386345" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223386345">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>it's faster to install py3 than compiling llvm</p>



<a name="223386368"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223386368" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223386368">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:13)</a>:</h4>
<p><span aria-label="laughing" class="emoji emoji-1f606" role="img" title="laughing">:laughing:</span></p>



<a name="223386420"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223386420" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jake Goulding <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223386420">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>I do agree that it'll be the start of removing support though — "oh, we already don't support py2 in _this_ case, so we don't need to support it in _that_ case"</p>



<a name="223386446"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223386446" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223386446">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>if this is the only problem we found then I'm +1 on the final step</p>



<a name="223386464"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223386464" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223386464">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>I don't think we should delete</p>



<a name="223386474"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223386474" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jake Goulding <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223386474">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>(which <em>I</em> think is fine)</p>



<a name="223386536"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223386536" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223386536">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:14)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116122">@simulacrum</span> ever? or right now?</p>



<a name="223386565"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223386565" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223386565">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:15)</a>:</h4>
<p>well, we delete automatically after 168 days</p>



<a name="223386622"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223386622" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223386622">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:15)</a>:</h4>
<p>I don't think it is worth investing to eagerly delete, as it may break some older tooling - most things migrated to xz but not everything I think</p>



<a name="223386640"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223386640" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223386640">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:15)</a>:</h4>
<p>last time I checked deleting early would cut off more than $1000 out of our monthly billing</p>



<a name="223386699"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223386699" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223386699">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>[sharp intake of breath]</p>



<a name="223386702"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223386702" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223386702">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>how much does deleting itself cost? but that does seem to outweigh vague desire :)</p>



<a name="223386797"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223386797" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223386797">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:16)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="116122">simulacrum</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20/near/223386702">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>how much does deleting itself cost? but that does seem to outweigh vague desire :)</p>
</blockquote>
<p>the <code>DELETE</code> call is free, while we would need to either setup an inventory or manually list all the files in the bucket</p>



<a name="223386833"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223386833" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223386833">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>oh cool</p>



<a name="223386854"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223386854" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223386854">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok I am sold on deleting</p>



<a name="223386862"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223386862" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223386862">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>so probably a little less than $20k or however much we'd save</p>



<a name="223386949"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223386949" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223386949">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>that was fast :D</p>



<a name="223387007"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223387007" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223387007">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:18)</a>:</h4>
<p>anyone wants to take up on this?</p>



<a name="223387040"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223387040" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223387040">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:18)</a>:</h4>
<p>credit to the compelling case you brought forward <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="121055">@Pietro Albini</span></p>



<a name="223387078"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223387078" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223387078">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:18)</a>:</h4>
<p>I can take a look, been a while since I got my hands properly dirty</p>



<a name="223387094"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223387094" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223387094">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:18)</a>:</h4>
<p>great!</p>



<a name="223387126"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223387126" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223387126">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:19)</a>:</h4>
<p>I can feel the $s ticking away already</p>



<a name="223387158"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223387158" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223387158">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:19)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="261224">@triagebot</span> await</p>



<a name="223387162"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223387162" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> triagebot <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223387162">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:19)</a>:</h4>
<p>Does anyone have something to add on the current topic?<br>
React with <span aria-label="working on it" class="emoji emoji-1f6e0" role="img" title="working on it">:working_on_it:</span> if you have something to say.<br>
React with <span aria-label="all good" class="emoji emoji-2705" role="img" title="all good">:all_good:</span> if not.</p>



<a name="223387287"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223387287" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223387287">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok then! let's move over to the next topic</p>



<a name="223387317"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223387317" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223387317">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:20)</a>:</h4>
<ul>
<li>Infrastructure for @rust-lang.org email addresses for contributors<br>
    - <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/infra-team/issues/38">https://github.com/rust-lang/infra-team/issues/38</a></li>
</ul>



<a name="223387421"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223387421" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223387421">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:21)</a>:</h4>
<p>last week we discussed the general direction of setting up <code>@rust-lang.org</code> email addresses for (a subset of) contributors</p>



<a name="223387480"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223387480" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223387480">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:21)</a>:</h4>
<p>and we reached this conclusion at the end of the meeting:</p>



<a name="223387482"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223387482" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223387482">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:21)</a>:</h4>
<h3>General overview</h3>
<p>Each person will have <code>githubusername@rust-lang.org</code>, and they will be able to choose a custom alias on a first-come first-serve basis. In case of naming conflicts the Core Team will make a the final decision.</p>
<p>The mailbox will be disabled after someone leaves the project. The mailbox should only be used for project business, the CoC will adhere to communications sent through it (as you represent the project with that email) and it might be accessed by members of the project with elevated privileges if the need arises.</p>
<h3>Level of service provided</h3>
<p>We need both the ability to send and receive emails. It's preferred to have a full mailbox, but if the service we end up using doesn't support it a forwarding alias with SMTP credentials could also work.</p>
<h3>Vendor</h3>
<p>We won't manage our own mail server. Using a service that provides a full suite of services (mail, document collaboration, storage, video calls, SSO) is preferred to reduce the amount of tools we have to manage. Some members of the team have a slight leaning torwards GSuite.</p>



<a name="223387522"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223387522" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Joshua Nelson <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223387522">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:21)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="117568">Aidan Hobson Sayers</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20/near/223385711">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>was there an issue raised you could link to?</p>
</blockquote>
<p>I spent quite a bit of time breaking my back against this and I really don't think it's possible to fix <a href="#narrow/stream/122651-general/topic/x.2Epy.20.2B.20download-ci-llvm.20-.3E.20explicit.20python3.20needed.3F/near/221412223">https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/122651-general/topic/x.2Epy.20.2B.20download-ci-llvm.20-.3E.20explicit.20python3.20needed.3F/near/221412223</a></p>



<a name="223387577"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223387577" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Joshua Nelson <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223387577">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>see also <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/71841#issuecomment-623108800">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/71841#issuecomment-623108800</a>, <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/71818#issuecomment-623291126">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/71818#issuecomment-623291126</a></p>



<a name="223387631"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223387631" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223387631">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>aidan was not present last week thought, and having a bit more time to think about the proposal was useful at least for me</p>



<a name="223387666"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223387666" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223387666">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>so I'd love to hear your opinions on this after a week, and try to reach consensus during this meeting</p>



<a name="223387749"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223387749" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223387749">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:23)</a>:</h4>
<p>so, anything y'all want to say? :)</p>



<a name="223387958"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223387958" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223387958">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:24)</a>:</h4>
<p>I am pretty happy with the proposal. first question was around aliases - do we perceive an issue where jane@ gets the alias, leaves, and then another jane@ joins?</p>



<a name="223387981"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223387981" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223387981">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:24)</a>:</h4>
<p>no, seems good still.</p>



<a name="223388027"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223388027" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223388027">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>a thing that I thought about during the week was custom aliases, and that they probably bring more problems than they solve</p>



<a name="223388096"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223388096" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223388096">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>or even - jane@ has the alias and then user with github username joins the rust project and that means we have to reassign the e-mail while it might have been in active use</p>



<a name="223388205"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223388205" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jake Goulding <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223388205">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>Heh, that was one of my possibilities I brought up last week too :-)</p>



<a name="223388232"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223388232" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223388232">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>we need to support aliases that are not ghusernames</p>



<a name="223388248"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223388248" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223388248">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>or, rather, names that are not gh</p>



<a name="223388341"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223388341" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223388341">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:27)</a>:</h4>
<p>I don't think we can rely on gh accounts being a thing everyone who needs @rust-lang.org email having.</p>



<a name="223388437"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223388437" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223388437">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:27)</a>:</h4>
<p>no, but I think foundation staff without a gh account will have a different policy</p>



<a name="223388528"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223388528" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223388528">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>like, only having github usernames will not solve any conflicts -- we have for example mailing lists on the same namespace too</p>



<a name="223388532"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223388532" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jake Goulding <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223388532">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>policy or not, there can still be conflicts :-)</p>



<a name="223388537"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223388537" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223388537">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>that's totally fine and seems resolveable - e.g. you can't have dots in a github username, so those people get firstname.lastname@ or whatever we like</p>



<a name="223388548"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223388548" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> kennytm <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223388548">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>i think it's fine as long as the core team screens the choices instead of automatically giving out the <code>jane@</code> when requested</p>



<a name="223388579"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223388579" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223388579">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>aha good point about mailing lists</p>



<a name="223388580"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223388580" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223388580">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>I guess I'm not sure what this policy is for</p>



<a name="223388639"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223388639" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223388639">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>this policy is for team members, not really foundation staff</p>



<a name="223388680"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223388680" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223388680">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:29)</a>:</h4>
<p>I do not think I want to hand out emails to everyone, and if it's only by core team approval, then I don't know that we need detailed policy</p>



<a name="223388703"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223388703" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223388703">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:29)</a>:</h4>
<p>in particular, team members is too wide and unclear a scope right now</p>



<a name="223388724"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223388724" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223388724">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:29)</a>:</h4>
<p>let me make that sentence a bit more clear</p>



<a name="223388777"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223388777" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223388777">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:30)</a>:</h4>
<p>perhaps this segues nicely into my next question which is - I'm not really sure who is setting policy here. specifically "(a subset of) contributors" - unclear who decides that</p>



<a name="223388850"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223388850" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223388850">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:30)</a>:</h4>
<p>the policy is for team members, not foundation staff, but core makes the call on which teams get personal aliases</p>



<a name="223388857"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223388857" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223388857">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:30)</a>:</h4>
<p>because if it's not us, I'd kinda expect to punt naming problems to them to resolve on an ad-hoc basis</p>



<a name="223389043"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223389043" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223389043">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:31)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="121055">Pietro Albini</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20/near/223388850">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>the policy is for team members, not foundation staff, but core makes the call on which teams get personal aliases</p>
</blockquote>
<p>I guess it feels to me that this is fine, but then we likely have no problems tbh, because I would expect this set to be like, mostly just core, and we can expand over time if absolutely necessary</p>



<a name="223389126"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223389126" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223389126">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:32)</a>:</h4>
<p>and reevaluate</p>



<a name="223389136"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223389136" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223389136">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:32)</a>:</h4>
<p>if core is the ultimate arbiter I think the policy makes sense, subject to core approval given they have an important role in this flow</p>



<a name="223389182"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223389182" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223389182">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:32)</a>:</h4>
<p>I do not think I <em>know</em> the requirements of the future</p>



<a name="223389269"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223389269" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223389269">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>so all I'd change is for aliases to be at the full discretion of core, and then I'm good</p>



<a name="223389522"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223389522" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223389522">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:34)</a>:</h4>
<blockquote>
<p>The Core Team decides the list of teams that need personal mailboxes, and all members of those teams will get a <code>githubusername@rust-lang.org</code> email. Custom aliases could be granted subject to approval by the Core Team. </p>
</blockquote>



<a name="223389529"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223389529" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223389529">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:34)</a>:</h4>
<p>what do you think about this?</p>



<a name="223389562"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223389562" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223389562">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:35)</a>:</h4>
<p>I guess I don't know</p>



<a name="223389618"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223389618" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223389618">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:35)</a>:</h4>
<p>I would prefer to just say "the core team can specify which teams get emails, and the core team can choose how to namespace"</p>



<a name="223389715"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223389715" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223389715">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>I just don't feel prepared to make stringent requirements I guess</p>



<a name="223389889"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223389889" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223389889">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:37)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think having at least a strong recommendation from the start is useful, because if we start granting the mailboxes then we'd need to change all the addresses if we decide otherwise</p>



<a name="223389907"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223389907" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223389907">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:37)</a>:</h4>
<p>I guess, it really depends for me</p>



<a name="223390022"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223390022" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223390022">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:38)</a>:</h4>
<p>depending on who gets the email what the alias I want to use is</p>



<a name="223390096"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223390096" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223390096">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:38)</a>:</h4>
<p>having been a member of a few startups, in practice changing naming schemes often hasn't mattered, we just leave it inconsistent</p>



<a name="223390133"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223390133" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223390133">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>yeah I guess I don't worry so much about consistency and so forth</p>



<a name="223390152"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223390152" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223390152">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'd rather solve the problem when we grant a <em>team</em> addresses</p>



<a name="223390167"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223390167" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223390167">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>(or, core does)</p>



<a name="223390188"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223390188" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223390188">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>we can take along the recommendation to core, doesn't need to be a part of our policy</p>



<a name="223390316"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223390316" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223390316">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:40)</a>:</h4>
<p>yeah I'd absolutely recommend gh username</p>



<a name="223390334"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223390334" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223390334">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:40)</a>:</h4>
<p>but it doesn't make sense for all teams or places</p>



<a name="223390373"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223390373" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223390373">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:41)</a>:</h4>
<p>hmm ok</p>



<a name="223390376"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223390376" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223390376">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:41)</a>:</h4>
<p>e.g. community team interacting with events planners, maybe gh is not a good identifier, and they have some other id</p>



<a name="223390423"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223390423" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223390423">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:41)</a>:</h4>
<p>I really don't know enough</p>



<a name="223390473"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223390473" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223390473">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:41)</a>:</h4>
<p>I kinda wanted to remove stuff from core's plate, but ok <span aria-label="smiley" class="emoji emoji-1f603" role="img" title="smiley">:smiley:</span></p>



<a name="223390494"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223390494" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223390494">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:41)</a>:</h4>
<p>well, this is not actually urgent?</p>



<a name="223390555"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223390555" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223390555">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:42)</a>:</h4>
<p>like I am not aware of firm desire to grant a group of people addresses</p>



<a name="223390617"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223390617" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223390617">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:42)</a>:</h4>
<p>I mean, we already had to create aliases in a hacky way for ashley and me for foundation work</p>



<a name="223390645"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223390645" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223390645">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:42)</a>:</h4>
<p>I guess, I would like to see infra in place to do so</p>



<a name="223390683"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223390683" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223390683">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:43)</a>:</h4>
<p>but I do not expect that we need that to be more than "It is possible"</p>



<a name="223390797"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223390797" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223390797">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:44)</a>:</h4>
<p>to me, a valid fulfilment of the critera would be "we've paid for google apps and given some admin credentials to the core team"</p>



<a name="223390961"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223390961" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223390961">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:44)</a>:</h4>
<p>well, kinda -- unless we want to do weird forwarding we need to migrate all MLs to the same place we have mailboxes</p>



<a name="223391058"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223391058" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223391058">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:45)</a>:</h4>
<p>I keep forgetting the MLs :|</p>



<a name="223391083"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223391083" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223391083">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:45)</a>:</h4>
<p>anyway, how does this look?</p>
<blockquote>
<p>The Core Team decides the list of teams that need personal mailboxes, and all members of those teams will automatically get a mailbox. The naming scheme is subject to approval by the Core Team.</p>
</blockquote>



<a name="223391225"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223391225" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223391225">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:46)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think teams is too broad, e.g. team leads may make more sense.</p>



<a name="223391234"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223391234" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223391234">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:46)</a>:</h4>
<p>but seems good</p>



<a name="223391248"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223391248" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223391248">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:46)</a>:</h4>
<p>in broad strokes</p>



<a name="223391300"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223391300" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223391300">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:47)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think there are definitely a number of teams where @rust-lang.org are really needed for every member</p>



<a name="223391320"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223391320" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223391320">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:47)</a>:</h4>
<p>but we can have that discussion in core</p>



<a name="223391329"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223391329" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223391329">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:47)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok! I don't necessarily disagree :)</p>



<a name="223391341"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223391341" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223391341">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:47)</a>:</h4>
<p>I don't think it needs refining too much, it's not like we're setting it in stone</p>



<a name="223391355"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223391355" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223391355">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:47)</a>:</h4>
<p>yeah</p>



<a name="223391373"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223391373" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223391373">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:47)</a>:</h4>
<p>to put naming and aliases aside for a bit - are there any <em>other</em> aspects that people have thoughts on?</p>



<a name="223391468"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223391468" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223391468">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:48)</a>:</h4>
<p>well damn <em>[puts stone carving tools away]</em></p>



<a name="223391575"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223391575" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223391575">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:48)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think the other aspects of the proposal are fine</p>



<a name="223391688"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223391688" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223391688">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:49)</a>:</h4>
<h3>General overview</h3>
<p>The Core Team decides the list of teams that need personal mailboxes, and all members of those teams will automatically get a mailbox. The naming scheme is subject to approval by the Core Team.</p>
<p>The mailbox will be disabled after someone leaves the project. The mailbox should only be used for project business, the CoC will adhere to communications sent through it (as you represent the project with that email) and it might be accessed by members of the project with elevated privileges if the need arises.</p>
<h3>Level of service provided</h3>
<p>We need both the ability to send and receive emails. It's preferred to have a full mailbox, but if the service we end up using doesn't support it a forwarding alias with SMTP credentials could also work.</p>
<h3>Vendor</h3>
<p>We won't manage our own mail server. Using a service that provides a full suite of services (mail, document collaboration, storage, video calls, SSO) is preferred to reduce the amount of tools we have to manage. Some members of the team have a slight leaning torwards GSuite.</p>



<a name="223391799"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223391799" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223391799">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:50)</a>:</h4>
<p>if nobody has concerns can we do some thumbs up/down?</p>



<a name="223392001"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223392001" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223392001">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:51)</a>:</h4>
<p>I guess I am thumbs up</p>



<a name="223392035"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223392035" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223392035">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:52)</a>:</h4>
<p>but I still feel like "team" is insufficient granularity</p>



<a name="223392160"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223392160" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223392160">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:52)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok then!</p>



<a name="223392180"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223392180" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223392180">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:52)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'll update the issue and bubble up the parts that require core approval to core</p>



<a name="223392233"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223392233" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223392233">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:53)</a>:</h4>
<p>does anyone want to look into which vendor we could use?</p>



<a name="223392481"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223392481" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223392481">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:54)</a>:</h4>
<p>hmm ok I guess I'll look into it myself in the coming weeks</p>



<a name="223392487"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223392487" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223392487">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:54)</a>:</h4>
<p>(if someone else wants to prep for deletion then I can do this)</p>



<a name="223392529"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223392529" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223392529">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:55)</a>:</h4>
<p>(don't have a preference)</p>



<a name="223392570"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223392570" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223392570">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:55)</a>:</h4>
<p>hmm, I kinda prefer looking for the email solution of the two</p>



<a name="223392618"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223392618" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223392618">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:55)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think we don't need a solution for emails that's more advanced than the one you came up with Pietro in sooner than, say, 2 months</p>



<a name="223392679"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223392679" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223392679">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:56)</a>:</h4>
<p>doesn't hurt to have it all in the back pocket</p>



<a name="223392785"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223392785" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223392785">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:56)</a>:</h4>
<p>well, even if we want to use mailgun for a while I'd like to clean it up a bit on the impl side :)</p>



<a name="223392807"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223392807" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223392807">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:57)</a>:</h4>
<p>I am not convinced we <em>can</em> find it before we have a more complete picture, e.g. maybe foundation will provide requirements or need things</p>



<a name="223392820"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223392820" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223392820">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:57)</a>:</h4>
<p>but ok</p>



<a name="223392864"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223392864" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223392864">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:57)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok then! anything else for this item? <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="261224">@triagebot</span> await</p>



<a name="223392866"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223392866" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> triagebot <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223392866">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:57)</a>:</h4>
<p>Does anyone have something to add on the current topic?<br>
React with <span aria-label="working on it" class="emoji emoji-1f6e0" role="img" title="working on it">:working_on_it:</span> if you have something to say.<br>
React with <span aria-label="all good" class="emoji emoji-2705" role="img" title="all good">:all_good:</span> if not.</p>



<a name="223393103"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223393103" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223393103">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:59)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok then!</p>



<a name="223393123"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223393123" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223393123">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:59)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'll post a message in the private channel in a bit</p>



<a name="223393154"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223393154" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223393154">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:59)</a>:</h4>
<p>otherwise thanks for attending, and have a good week!</p>



<a name="223393155"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223393155" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223393155">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:59)</a>:</h4>
<p>\o</p>



<a name="223393173"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223393173" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223393173">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:59)</a>:</h4>
<p>\o</p>



<a name="223393204"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223393204" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> kennytm <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223393204">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:59)</a>:</h4>
<p>\o</p>



<a name="223393213"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-01-20/near/223393213" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jake Goulding <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20.html#223393213">(Jan 20 2021 at 15:59)</a>:</h4>
<p>\o</p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Aug 07 2021 at 22:04 UTC</p>
</html>