<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>meeting 2021-03-15 · t-infra · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/index.html">t-infra</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-03-15.html">meeting 2021-03-15</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="230020368"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-03-15/near/230020368" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jake Goulding <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-03-15.html#230020368">(Mar 12 2021 at 12:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>There have been a few people complaining about Rust being “broken” because aarch64-apple-darwin doesn’t have docs. Should we consider adding it, even though its tier 2?</p>



<a name="230020452"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-03-15/near/230020452" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jake Goulding <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-03-15.html#230020452">(Mar 12 2021 at 12:26)</a>:</h4>
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rustup/issues/2692#issue-829938556">https://github.com/rust-lang/rustup/issues/2692#issue-829938556</a></li>
<li><a href="https://users.rust-lang.org/t/problem-with-rust-in-apple-silicon/56535?u=shepmaster">https://users.rust-lang.org/t/problem-with-rust-in-apple-silicon/56535?u=shepmaster</a></li>
</ul>



<a name="230020510"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-03-15/near/230020510" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jake Goulding <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-03-15.html#230020510">(Mar 12 2021 at 12:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>I won’t be able to attend the meeting, but my inclination is we should build these.</p>



<a name="230021463"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-03-15/near/230021463" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-03-15.html#230021463">(Mar 12 2021 at 12:35)</a>:</h4>
<p>I don't really want to add ad-hoc things to our tiering system, but we've long wanted to have the linux docs shipped for all targets we don't build "native" docs for</p>



<a name="230021568"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-03-15/near/230021568" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-03-15.html#230021568">(Mar 12 2021 at 12:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>I just don't have bandwidth to implement that right now, and IIRC there's some open questions around how to precisely do so</p>



<a name="230021589"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-03-15/near/230021589" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-03-15.html#230021589">(Mar 12 2021 at 12:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>In theory it could be a fallback in rustup itself.</p>



<a name="230381572"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-03-15/near/230381572" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-03-15.html#230381572">(Mar 15 2021 at 16:56)</a>:</h4>
<p>can't attend today, sorry y'all</p>



<a name="230383888"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-03-15/near/230383888" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-03-15.html#230383888">(Mar 15 2021 at 17:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>I admit to thinking that the meeting was... now</p>



<a name="230383968"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-03-15/near/230383968" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-03-15.html#230383968">(Mar 15 2021 at 17:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>Maybe we're messed up due to DST?</p>



<a name="230384040"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-03-15/near/230384040" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-03-15.html#230384040">(Mar 15 2021 at 17:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>yep, according to my EST-aware calendar entry it's in 1hr</p>



<a name="230384091"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-03-15/near/230384091" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-03-15.html#230384091">(Mar 15 2021 at 17:10)</a>:</h4>
<p><a href="#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-03-01/near/227615228">https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-03-01/near/227615228</a></p>



<a name="230384127"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-03-15/near/230384127" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-03-15.html#230384127">(Mar 15 2021 at 17:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>hm, I guess we're following europe then?</p>



<a name="230384200"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-03-15/near/230384200" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-03-15.html#230384200">(Mar 15 2021 at 17:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>The meetings were at 1pm in eastern coast of the us, and it is currently 1pm</p>



<a name="230384215"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-03-15/near/230384215" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-03-15.html#230384215">(Mar 15 2021 at 17:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>I can't make 2pm today at least</p>



<a name="230384411"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-03-15/near/230384411" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-03-15.html#230384411">(Mar 15 2021 at 17:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think we pinned to EST (which isn't dst-aware) rather than ET - thoughts <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116155">@Jake Goulding</span>?</p>



<a name="230384485"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-03-15/near/230384485" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-03-15.html#230384485">(Mar 15 2021 at 17:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>well I can't make in an hour anyway, so we can do something impromptu now :)</p>



<a name="230384724"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-03-15/near/230384724" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-03-15.html#230384724">(Mar 15 2021 at 17:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think the main item from me was the item in infra-private from the last week - I'll message pietro about that</p>



<a name="230385065"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-03-15/near/230385065" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-03-15.html#230385065">(Mar 15 2021 at 17:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>on meeting timezone - I'd propose tracking ET so that we shift with US timezones</p>



<a name="230385514"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-03-15/near/230385514" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aidan Hobson Sayers <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-03-15.html#230385514">(Mar 15 2021 at 17:19)</a>:</h4>
<p>that's all from me - I'll come back later to see any follow up discussion and potentially follow up on timezones</p>



<a name="230387736"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-03-15/near/230387736" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jake Goulding <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-03-15.html#230387736">(Mar 15 2021 at 17:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>My intent was that the meeting started 33 minutes ago :-)</p>



<a name="230387953"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting%202021-03-15/near/230387953" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jake Goulding <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-03-15.html#230387953">(Mar 15 2021 at 17:34)</a>:</h4>
<p>We should calculate when the daylight saving difference changes between any 2 pairs of the team and declare those team holidays :-)</p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Aug 07 2021 at 22:04 UTC</p>
</html>