<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>libs charter ¬∑ t-libs ¬∑ Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/index.html">t-libs</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter.html">libs charter</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="205306257"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs%20charter/near/205306257" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Ashley Mannix <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter.html#205306257">(Jul 29 2020 at 00:23)</a>:</h4>
<p>I've created an issue in <code>rust-lang/libs-team</code> for coming up with a team charter that helps us bootstrap any docs and processes we want going forward: <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/libs-team/issues/1">https://github.com/rust-lang/libs-team/issues/1</a></p>



<a name="205306347"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs%20charter/near/205306347" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Ashley Mannix <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter.html#205306347">(Jul 29 2020 at 00:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>As a starting point, I've just dropped a few loosely organized topics into a GitHub project we can throw items into and then sift through to figure out what matters to us as a team</p>



<a name="205306369"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs%20charter/near/205306369" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Ashley Mannix <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter.html#205306369">(Jul 29 2020 at 00:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>Any input of any kind would be awesome! <span aria-label="grinning face with smiling eyes" class="emoji emoji-1f601" role="img" title="grinning face with smiling eyes">:grinning_face_with_smiling_eyes:</span></p>



<a name="205308132"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs%20charter/near/205308132" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> DPC <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter.html#205308132">(Jul 29 2020 at 01:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>After the meeting I was thinking of an idea that would make stabilisation more "structured". I can try writing into a proposal of sorts</p>



<a name="205308237"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs%20charter/near/205308237" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Ashley Mannix <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter.html#205308237">(Jul 29 2020 at 01:03)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="120823">@DPC</span> that sounds great! If you had any ideas would you like to open an issue on <code>libs-team</code>?</p>



<a name="205308321"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs%20charter/near/205308321" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> DPC <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter.html#205308321">(Jul 29 2020 at 01:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>sure I'll do that</p>



<a name="205309375"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs%20charter/near/205309375" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Ashley Mannix <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter.html#205309375">(Jul 29 2020 at 01:27)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm going to do an audit of all our unstable tracking issues and RFCs and drop them somewhere in here: <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/libs-team/projects/2">https://github.com/rust-lang/libs-team/projects/2</a></p>



<a name="205312499"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs%20charter/near/205312499" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Ashley Mannix <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter.html#205312499">(Jul 29 2020 at 02:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>This might take a hot minute..........</p>



<a name="205318016"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs%20charter/near/205318016" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Ashley Mannix <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter.html#205318016">(Jul 29 2020 at 04:49)</a>:</h4>
<p>As I've been going through I've been adding some labels to issues and dropping <code>nominated</code> on some that seem like we could reasonably kick off a FCP</p>



<a name="205428870"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs%20charter/near/205428870" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Ashley Mannix <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter.html#205428870">(Jul 30 2020 at 00:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>I've re-organized the tracking project into broad feature groups with RFCs and issues together: <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/libs-team/projects/2">https://github.com/rust-lang/libs-team/projects/2</a></p>



<a name="205428888"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs%20charter/near/205428888" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Ashley Mannix <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter.html#205428888">(Jul 30 2020 at 00:15)</a>:</h4>
<p>Maybe we can use this to try come up with some project groups to help own some of these columns?</p>



<a name="205428914"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs%20charter/near/205428914" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Ashley Mannix <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter.html#205428914">(Jul 30 2020 at 00:15)</a>:</h4>
<p>Also anybody feel free to shift things around!</p>



<a name="205428997"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs%20charter/near/205428997" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter.html#205428997">(Jul 30 2020 at 00:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>(This looks <em>amazing</em>, thank you for spending the time!)</p>



<a name="205429067"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs%20charter/near/205429067" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter.html#205429067">(Jul 30 2020 at 00:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>We also have some pre-existing automation, currently used for core team's similar board, that automatically puts issues on the board and moves them depending on the label tagged</p>



<a name="205429076"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs%20charter/near/205429076" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter.html#205429076">(Jul 30 2020 at 00:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>maybe worth considering for this</p>



<a name="205429172"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs%20charter/near/205429172" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter.html#205429172">(Jul 30 2020 at 00:18)</a>:</h4>
<p>If you think that'd be helpful I can spend some cycles getting it setup</p>



<a name="205429506"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs%20charter/near/205429506" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Ashley Mannix <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter.html#205429506">(Jul 30 2020 at 00:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>Automation sounds amazing! <span aria-label="+1" class="emoji emoji-1f44d" role="img" title="+1">:+1:</span> I wanted to do it all manually as a first pass just as an excuse to visit all the issues and feel the pain to automate <span aria-label="smile" class="emoji emoji-1f642" role="img" title="smile">:smile:</span></p>



<a name="205432485"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs%20charter/near/205432485" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter.html#205432485">(Jul 30 2020 at 01:19)</a>:</h4>
<p>Well, we'd need the first pass regardless to get everything sorted, but I'll take a look at hooking up some automation soon then!</p>



<a name="205435914"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs%20charter/near/205435914" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Ashley Mannix <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter.html#205435914">(Jul 30 2020 at 02:30)</a>:</h4>
<p>That will be so great <span aria-label="bow" class="emoji emoji-1f647" role="img" title="bow">:bow:</span> I‚Äôm hoping we can do a few passes over the board to get it organised the way we like and can start working through some of these long-term unstable features</p>



<a name="205497142"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs%20charter/near/205497142" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pickfire <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter.html#205497142">(Jul 30 2020 at 15:59)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="204346">@Ashley Mannix</span> Oh, there is so many issues in the <code>libs-tracked</code> did you add them one by one?</p>



<a name="205538369"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs%20charter/near/205538369" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Ashley Mannix <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter.html#205538369">(Jul 30 2020 at 22:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>I did yeh <span aria-label="laughing" class="emoji emoji-1f606" role="img" title="laughing">:laughing:</span> That's all our open RFCs and _most_ of our tracking issues. There's still a fair chunk to pull in that haven't been updated in the last few months</p>



<a name="205550195"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs%20charter/near/205550195" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Ashley Mannix <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter.html#205550195">(Jul 31 2020 at 01:34)</a>:</h4>
<p>I‚Äôve now got all our open tracking issues on the board (there‚Äôs still some organizing to do for the incoming column)</p>



<a name="207374379"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs%20charter/near/207374379" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Ashley Mannix <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter.html#207374379">(Aug 19 2020 at 06:30)</a>:</h4>
<p>I've started sketching out something of an RFC for Libs governance. It's just rough notes right now but wanted to put it forward sooner rather than later to see whether you all think it's going in the right direction: <a href="https://hackmd.io/FasfT5zzQZuy0c0AxYQRBg">https://hackmd.io/FasfT5zzQZuy0c0AxYQRBg</a></p>



<a name="207386910"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs%20charter/near/207386910" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter.html#207386910">(Aug 19 2020 at 09:32)</a>:</h4>
<p>This looks great so far. <span aria-label="big smile" class="emoji emoji-1f604" role="img" title="big smile">:big_smile:</span> Something I would like to see added to the triage is some kind time limit on an unstable feature if it‚Äôs doesn‚Äôt have a clear path. For example; if there‚Äôs no meaningful activity in 18 months. </p>
<p>I think we often run into a problem of putting off work with the intent of getting to it next week, only to repeat that. (To be clear; I‚Äôm not innocent of this either) So having some kind of hard limit would help keep that under control.</p>



<a name="207399115"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs%20charter/near/207399115" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Ashley Mannix <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter.html#207399115">(Aug 19 2020 at 12:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>That sounds like a good idea <span aria-label="+1" class="emoji emoji-1f44d" role="img" title="+1">:+1:</span></p>



<a name="207399226"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs%20charter/near/207399226" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> DPC <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter.html#207399226">(Aug 19 2020 at 12:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>generally not keen on having a "concrete time-bound" since it could vary depending on features, and some might just take longer for stabilisation. better to take it on a case-by-case approach</p>



<a name="207400744"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs%20charter/near/207400744" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Ashley Mannix <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter.html#207400744">(Aug 19 2020 at 12:30)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="120823">@DPC</span> That‚Äôs fair. Some features are tiny and some are ongoing. I think this would be more as a way to age out unstable features that don‚Äôt have any clear path to stabilization, and don‚Äôt have anybody interested in pushing them forward</p>



<a name="207400942"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs%20charter/near/207400942" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter.html#207400942">(Aug 19 2020 at 12:32)</a>:</h4>
<p>Taking it on a case by case is what we have been doing, and I don‚Äôt think it works. There are plenty of features that take years, but any feature that sits without active work on it for a year and half is going to need to be rethought to fit in the current context, and at that point keeping around open issues only hurts not helps that effort. </p>
<p>To give a specific example, I don‚Äôt think anyone could give a clear path to stabilisation for<code>concat_idents!</code>, and there doesn‚Äôt seem to be interest in that for the current version. It would be more beneficial to close and deprecate, and let interest in a new iteration come organically from a new proposal, rather than keeping it in a long todo list.</p>



<a name="207460925"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs%20charter/near/207460925" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Tim McNamara <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter.html#207460925">(Aug 19 2020 at 20:58)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hi Ashley, I have made an adjustment to the start of the doc. I would like the emphasis to be around the team and building the community's trust.</p>



<a name="207468072"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs%20charter/near/207468072" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Ashley Mannix <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter.html#207468072">(Aug 19 2020 at 22:19)</a>:</h4>
<p>That‚Äôs awesome, thanks! Please feel free to add/change anything you see fit üëç</p>



<a name="207512617"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs%20charter/near/207512617" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> DPC <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter.html#207512617">(Aug 20 2020 at 11:34)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="204346">@Ashley Mannix</span> on that note should we create a <code>@t-libs/meta</code> channel on the same lines as compiler &amp; lang team does, since it becomes easier to brainstorm a few ideas on how we carry this forward</p>



<a name="207531347"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs%20charter/near/207531347" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Ashley Mannix <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter.html#207531347">(Aug 20 2020 at 14:54)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="120823">@DPC</span> Do you know who we talk to about getting new streams created?</p>



<a name="207531406"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs%20charter/near/207531406" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> DPC <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter.html#207531406">(Aug 20 2020 at 14:55)</a>:</h4>
<p>@<em>simulacrum</em> should be able to</p>



<a name="207536862"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs%20charter/near/207536862" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter.html#207536862">(Aug 20 2020 at 15:37)</a>:</h4>
<p>yep I can do that for y'all</p>



<a name="207536942"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs%20charter/near/207536942" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter.html#207536942">(Aug 20 2020 at 15:38)</a>:</h4>
<p><a href="#narrow/stream/253831-t-libs.2Fwg-meta">https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/253831-t-libs.2Fwg-meta</a></p>



<a name="207537082"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs%20charter/near/207537082" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Ashley Mannix <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter.html#207537082">(Aug 20 2020 at 15:38)</a>:</h4>
<p>Thanks <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116122">@simulacrum</span>!</p>



<a name="207568226"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs%20charter/near/207568226" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter.html#207568226">(Aug 20 2020 at 20:04)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116122">@simulacrum</span> Minor nit: The channel is called <code>wg-meta</code> but there's no meta libs working group. Should it be just <code>meta</code>?</p>



<a name="207569106"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs%20charter/near/207569106" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Triplett <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter.html#207569106">(Aug 20 2020 at 20:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>That's a fair point. The same would go for t-lang/wg-meta; perhaps that should just be t-lang/meta?</p>



<a name="207569890"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs%20charter/near/207569890" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter.html#207569890">(Aug 20 2020 at 20:21)</a>:</h4>
<p>renamed t-libs/meta</p>



<a name="207573544"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs%20charter/near/207573544" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter.html#207573544">(Aug 20 2020 at 20:56)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="239881">@Josh Triplett</span> Well there originally was a language meta working group in early 2019. The effort was merged with the governance working group but the stream has stuck around since.</p>



<a name="243446696"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs%20charter/near/243446696" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter.html#243446696">(Jun 21 2021 at 21:37)</a>:</h4>
<p>gonna reuse this topic I guess<br>
<span class="user-mention" data-user-id="239881">@Josh Triplett</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="310399">@Mara</span> are y'all okay with cancelling the libs team charter meeting this wednesday after the API meeting?</p>



<a name="243446791"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs%20charter/near/243446791" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter.html#243446791">(Jun 21 2021 at 21:38)</a>:</h4>
<p>I just had to schedule a meeting in the same time slot to talk about the issue you brought up regarding the foundation <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="310399">@Mara</span></p>



<a name="243448206"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs%20charter/near/243448206" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mara <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter.html#243448206">(Jun 21 2021 at 21:53)</a>:</h4>
<p>sure!</p>



<a name="243456355"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs%20charter/near/243456355" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Triplett <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter.html#243456355">(Jun 21 2021 at 23:31)</a>:</h4>
<p><span aria-label="+1" class="emoji emoji-1f44d" role="img" title="+1">:+1:</span></p>



<a name="246518883"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs%20charter/near/246518883" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter.html#246518883">(Jul 19 2021 at 21:38)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm working on polishing up the libs charter rn and I'm wondering, do we have an email alias for the team?</p>



<a name="246518896"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs%20charter/near/246518896" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter.html#246518896">(Jul 19 2021 at 21:38)</a>:</h4>
<p>need to figure out what to put as the point of contact for the libs team</p>



<a name="246519767"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs%20charter/near/246519767" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Triplett <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter.html#246519767">(Jul 19 2021 at 21:48)</a>:</h4>
<p>I believe there's a mailing list for libs; I don't know if there's also one for libs-api.</p>



<a name="246519819"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs%20charter/near/246519819" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter.html#246519819">(Jul 19 2021 at 21:48)</a>:</h4>
<p>ill need a contact for each team</p>



<a name="246519831"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs%20charter/near/246519831" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter.html#246519831">(Jul 19 2021 at 21:48)</a>:</h4>
<p>so we should setup a mailing list for api I expect</p>



<a name="246519843"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs%20charter/near/246519843" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Triplett <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter.html#246519843">(Jul 19 2021 at 21:48)</a>:</h4>
<p>But IIRC, "point of contact" was intended to be a single person, typically the lead. We can list a preferred list as well, but the goal was to have one person to list for each team.</p>



<a name="246519850"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs%20charter/near/246519850" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Triplett <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter.html#246519850">(Jul 19 2021 at 21:48)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="220273">Jane Lusby</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter/near/246519831">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>so we should setup a mailing list for api I expect</p>
</blockquote>
<p>We may have one already, I just don't know.</p>



<a name="246519890"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs%20charter/near/246519890" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter.html#246519890">(Jul 19 2021 at 21:49)</a>:</h4>
<p>hmm</p>



<a name="246519892"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs%20charter/near/246519892" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter.html#246519892">(Jul 19 2021 at 21:49)</a>:</h4>
<p>ill leave that for now then</p>



<a name="246521558"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs%20charter/near/246521558" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> inquisitivecrystal <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter.html#246521558">(Jul 19 2021 at 22:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>There should be a mailing list for libs-api.</p>



<a name="246521575"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs%20charter/near/246521575" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> inquisitivecrystal <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter.html#246521575">(Jul 19 2021 at 22:09)</a>:</h4>
<p><code>libs-api@rust-lang.org</code></p>



<a name="246521656"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs%20charter/near/246521656" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> inquisitivecrystal <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/libs.20charter.html#246521656">(Jul 19 2021 at 22:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>It's <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/team/blob/master/teams/libs-api.toml">in the teams repository</a>.</p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Aug 07 2021 at 22:04 UTC</p>
</html>