<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>Stabilizing libproc_macro Span::{start, end} and LineColumn · t-libs · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/index.html">t-libs</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/Stabilizing.20libproc_macro.20Span.3A.3A.7Bstart.2C.20end.7D.20and.20LineColumn.html">Stabilizing libproc_macro Span::{start, end} and LineColumn</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="233316313"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/Stabilizing%20libproc_macro%20Span%3A%3A%7Bstart%2C%20end%7D%20and%20LineColumn/near/233316313" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> John-John Tedro <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/Stabilizing.20libproc_macro.20Span.3A.3A.7Bstart.2C.20end.7D.20and.20LineColumn.html#233316313">(Apr 06 2021 at 13:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>I don't know if this falls under the libs team. But I'd like to work towards getting a subset of the APIs under <code>proc_macro_span</code> stabilized <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/54725#issuecomment-813648911">as I've mentioned under the corresponding RFC</a>.</p>
<p>The first step seems to be to start separating out APIs under a new feature flag. So far I've set up a branch which includes a change to <a href="https://github.com/udoprog/rust/commit/proc-macro-line-column">move these three items under a new feature flag tentatively named <code>proc_macro_line_column</code></a>.</p>
<p><a href="https://github.com/alexcrichton/proc-macro2/blob/master/build.rs">The way proc-macro2 handles unstable APIs</a> does make this a bit more involved, so I'd like to ask here for guidance in how I can champion moving forward with this change. Given the provenance of the crate It seems appropriate to coordinate this as much as possible.</p>
<p>In particular I'm interested in <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="119235">@David Tolnay</span>'s opinion, since they seem to be the person currently most involved with the proc-macro2 crate right now.</p>
<p>So how would I go about this?</p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Aug 07 2021 at 22:04 UTC</p>
</html>