[
    {
        "content": "<p>does anyone know where the libs team has their meetings?</p>",
        "id": 184922159,
        "sender_full_name": "bstrie",
        "timestamp": 1578328502
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"256342\">@bstrie</span> You can read this topic, in short they don't have meetings or place for discussion. <a href=\"#narrow/stream/122651-general/topic/T-libs.20discussion.20forum\" title=\"#narrow/stream/122651-general/topic/T-libs.20discussion.20forum\">https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/122651-general/topic/T-libs.20discussion.20forum</a></p>",
        "id": 184926615,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1578331564
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>deeply unfortunate</p>",
        "id": 184940058,
        "sender_full_name": "Lokathor",
        "timestamp": 1578340631
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"256342\">@bstrie</span> if there is an issue that you need to bring to their attention, open a thread on internals or in rust-lang/rust</p>",
        "id": 185027750,
        "sender_full_name": "gnzlbg",
        "timestamp": 1578414965
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if you are in a rust team, you can ping them in rust-lang/rust, but otherwise someone else can ping them for you</p>",
        "id": 185027790,
        "sender_full_name": "gnzlbg",
        "timestamp": 1578415003
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I pinged them in <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/67686\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/67686\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/67686</a> and <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/67725\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/67725\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/67725</a> without getting much of a reaction, unfortunately (the holidays would explain this, though this is consistent with other pings over the last few months). I feel I have to pick someone from the libs team and Cc or r? them if I want to get a reaction. (Totally understandable, they are probably busy, but it still poses a challenge for libs-related discussion.)</p>",
        "id": 185051486,
        "sender_full_name": "RalfJ",
        "timestamp": 1578429031
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"120791\">@RalfJ</span> I'd ping <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"137587\">@Gankra</span> for those, but I don't know if they are available for reviewing those PRs, otherwise <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"143274\">@Amanieu</span> or @SimonSapin are probably good fits as well</p>",
        "id": 185052086,
        "sender_full_name": "gnzlbg",
        "timestamp": 1578429434
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah I already explicitly pinged Gankra, I didnt know if they are in rust-lang/libs</p>",
        "id": 185052126,
        "sender_full_name": "RalfJ",
        "timestamp": 1578429459
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>:/</p>",
        "id": 185053137,
        "sender_full_name": "gnzlbg",
        "timestamp": 1578430082
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"118772\">@Lukas Kalbertodt</span> maybe ?</p>",
        "id": 185053154,
        "sender_full_name": "gnzlbg",
        "timestamp": 1578430095
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Amanieu and Simon sound like good options (though last time I pinged them SImon indicated they are also pretty busy). not sure how long I should wait before trying to summon them. for now, the PRs are assigned to dtolnay</p>",
        "id": 185053195,
        "sender_full_name": "RalfJ",
        "timestamp": 1578430144
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Amanieu is familiar with the hashmap implementation, but BTreeSet is quite different. The only person I recall that was deeply familiar with it is Gankra :/</p>",
        "id": 185053255,
        "sender_full_name": "gnzlbg",
        "timestamp": 1578430201
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah</p>",
        "id": 185053404,
        "sender_full_name": "RalfJ",
        "timestamp": 1578430294
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yea I didn't respond because I don't know anything about the btree internals.</p>",
        "id": 185053425,
        "sender_full_name": "Amanieu",
        "timestamp": 1578430312
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>for the 2nd PR I almost convinced myself I could r+ it. But I dont feel quite confident enough...</p>",
        "id": 185053500,
        "sender_full_name": "RalfJ",
        "timestamp": 1578430336
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>these are pretty high-risk changes -- if something goes wrong, we have some very hard to detect UB at our hands</p>",
        "id": 185053555,
        "sender_full_name": "RalfJ",
        "timestamp": 1578430362
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Y'all in the wrong topic</p>",
        "id": 185057459,
        "sender_full_name": "Jake Goulding",
        "timestamp": 1578433005
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>switched into new topic :)</p>",
        "id": 185057599,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1578433087
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>thanks <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116122\">@simulacrum</span> :)</p>",
        "id": 185057634,
        "sender_full_name": "RalfJ",
        "timestamp": 1578433117
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I get the feeling that libs is overworked and understaffed. And that's totally believable.</p>",
        "id": 185057686,
        "sender_full_name": "Jake Goulding",
        "timestamp": 1578433149
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah</p>",
        "id": 185057732,
        "sender_full_name": "RalfJ",
        "timestamp": 1578433190
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>How would we go about improving their staff situation?</p>",
        "id": 185058593,
        "sender_full_name": "Lokathor",
        "timestamp": 1578433815
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>naively: finding more people that want to to libs work?</p>",
        "id": 185058659,
        "sender_full_name": "RalfJ",
        "timestamp": 1578433896
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't think there's a lack of folks wanting to do libs work</p>",
        "id": 185059039,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1578434143
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(and I don't think libs is more overworked and overstaffed than other teams really -- except for the compiler team maybe, which is well staffed)</p>",
        "id": 185059159,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1578434193
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So then, how can we better connect the work to do with the time and willingness to do said work and also the appropriate authorization to do said work.</p>",
        "id": 185060820,
        "sender_full_name": "Lokathor",
        "timestamp": 1578435425
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i regularly hear about \"so much to do, so little time\", but a lot less does it seem to come up how to increase staff so that (effectively) more time exists</p>",
        "id": 185060943,
        "sender_full_name": "Lokathor",
        "timestamp": 1578435520
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"224471\">@Lokathor</span> I think speaking so vaguely is unlikely to be helpful</p>",
        "id": 185061374,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1578435858
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it's not just a matter of staffing; for example, we could add a bunch of new members to the language team, but then the coherency of the language direction is impacted and it could risk in gridlock; you need to somehow increase the number of work hours but at the same time not add a bunch of new decision-makers</p>",
        "id": 185061483,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1578435931
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the compiler team handles this better than most, I think</p>",
        "id": 185061517,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1578435948
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I do think that the libs team seems poorly organized as compared to the other teams</p>",
        "id": 185061615,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1578435985
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>they are ostensibly still on IRC</p>",
        "id": 185061621,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1578435993
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well, it's also true that compiler team makes few big decisions (and non revertible ones)</p>",
        "id": 185061630,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1578436002
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yep, also true</p>",
        "id": 185061650,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1578436013
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>although committing to an implementation strategy can have long-term consequences (like MIR)</p>",
        "id": 185061686,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1578436035
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but they are more revertible</p>",
        "id": 185061697,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1578436046
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>still; the libs team does accept new FCPs all the time</p>",
        "id": 185061793,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1578436110
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>hopefully now that Lukas has joined things will be better</p>",
        "id": 185061831,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1578436144
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe the distinction between standard library maintenance and standard library evolution is worth making</p>",
        "id": 185063755,
        "sender_full_name": "gnzlbg",
        "timestamp": 1578437660
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>imagine if, instead of a lang and a compiler team, we would only have one team for both</p>",
        "id": 185063843,
        "sender_full_name": "gnzlbg",
        "timestamp": 1578437758
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that's kind of the situation the libs team currently is in</p>",
        "id": 185063923,
        "sender_full_name": "gnzlbg",
        "timestamp": 1578437813
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>library maintenance of the standard library could just be the compiler team</p>",
        "id": 185063980,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1578437867
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>also an option</p>",
        "id": 185064030,
        "sender_full_name": "gnzlbg",
        "timestamp": 1578437884
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(in fact I think they should already feel free to do such changes)</p>",
        "id": 185064048,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1578437904
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>for the PRs that <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"120791\">@RalfJ</span> mentioned, it would mean that the appropriate team to ping would be the compiler team, and not the libs team</p>",
        "id": 185064049,
        "sender_full_name": "gnzlbg",
        "timestamp": 1578437907
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>although I don't think t-compiler has preparedness for this</p>",
        "id": 185064074,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1578437927
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>right now</p>",
        "id": 185064077,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1578437930
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>sure, it probably would require some libs team members to be in the compiler team</p>",
        "id": 185064116,
        "sender_full_name": "gnzlbg",
        "timestamp": 1578437966
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>hopefully now that Lukas has joined things will be better</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>All the pressure! °_°</p>",
        "id": 185064119,
        "sender_full_name": "Lukas Kalbertodt",
        "timestamp": 1578437967
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hello everyone! First time on Zulip. Thanks for the ping. The UI still confuses me.</p>",
        "id": 185064136,
        "sender_full_name": "Lukas Kalbertodt",
        "timestamp": 1578437984
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>/me holds in criticism of bad UX of Zulip</p>",
        "id": 185064235,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1578438030
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"120791\">@RalfJ</span> I had a look at both of these PRs but ultimately didn't feel useful enough to comment. I don't know about those parts of the code. If you'd like to I can try starting to understand everything about the code to review the PR.</p>",
        "id": 185064397,
        "sender_full_name": "Lukas Kalbertodt",
        "timestamp": 1578438128
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm also kind of not happy with T-libs not having a dedicated chat. But not sure how much I can really do as a new member of the team. Need to get used to everything first anyway...</p>",
        "id": 185064445,
        "sender_full_name": "Lukas Kalbertodt",
        "timestamp": 1578438173
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"118772\">@Lukas Kalbertodt</span> it would be good if the team just chose one of Zulip or Discord</p>",
        "id": 185064480,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1578438219
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>having more chat platforms is a bad idea</p>",
        "id": 185064490,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1578438236
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"126931\">@centril</span> Yep. Someone probably just have to decide it.</p>",
        "id": 185064545,
        "sender_full_name": "Lukas Kalbertodt",
        "timestamp": 1578438253
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I hope that's not \"off topic\" here, but in the topic linked at the very top of this topic, it is mentioned that there is a <code>t-lang</code> channel/stream here on Zulip? Where can I find it? Where can I find the streams for all the other teams? I only see \"announce\", \"general\", \"new members\" and \"zulip\".</p>",
        "id": 185064619,
        "sender_full_name": "Lukas Kalbertodt",
        "timestamp": 1578438327
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"118772\">@Lukas Kalbertodt</span> there's a <span aria-label=\"gear\" class=\"emoji emoji-2699\" role=\"img\" title=\"gear\">:gear:</span>  to the right of \"STREAMS\"</p>",
        "id": 185064697,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1578438379
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>there should be a \"Search streams\" above announce</p>",
        "id": 185064714,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1578438397
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"126931\">@centril</span> OMG thank you</p>",
        "id": 185064733,
        "sender_full_name": "Lukas Kalbertodt",
        "timestamp": 1578438418
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>intuitive, eh? ;)</p>",
        "id": 185064843,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1578438515
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>For what is worth, the Zulip team is very responsive</p>",
        "id": 185064975,
        "sender_full_name": "gnzlbg",
        "timestamp": 1578438624
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"126931\">@centril</span> It's kind of amusing seeing how some of the smartest people I know of completely struggle to understand a chat app. I'd say that's not a good sign for how user friendly the app is :P</p>",
        "id": 185064980,
        "sender_full_name": "Lukas Kalbertodt",
        "timestamp": 1578438639
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I opened an issue about this, and at least now all \"settings\" icons are  a <span aria-label=\"gear\" class=\"emoji emoji-2699\" role=\"img\" title=\"gear\">:gear:</span>  (before they used different icons)</p>",
        "id": 185064994,
        "sender_full_name": "gnzlbg",
        "timestamp": 1578438659
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Although Zulip seems to be cool once you get used to it. I might propose just creating a channel here to the others via mail soonish.</p>",
        "id": 185065007,
        "sender_full_name": "Lukas Kalbertodt",
        "timestamp": 1578438665
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116122\">@simulacrum</span> i was being as concrete and clear as I knew how to be at the time.</p>",
        "id": 185065008,
        "sender_full_name": "Lokathor",
        "timestamp": 1578438667
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Sure, yes :) No worries :)</p>",
        "id": 185065019,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1578438682
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"118772\">@Lukas Kalbertodt</span> it's different skillsets though; Zulip is something that feels like a very linux-y engineer I-don't-understand-interaction-design UX</p>",
        "id": 185065031,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1578438704
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"118772\">@Lukas Kalbertodt</span> I want to say that I've heard discussions to that effect already from others libs :)</p>",
        "id": 185065034,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1578438704
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>also, before if you open a stream with 10000 unread messages, the left part of the UI would explode - i opened an issue and in a couple of days someone implemented the \"more topics\" API</p>",
        "id": 185065045,
        "sender_full_name": "gnzlbg",
        "timestamp": 1578438717
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so if you find anything about the UI suboptimal, just open an issue</p>",
        "id": 185065133,
        "sender_full_name": "gnzlbg",
        "timestamp": 1578438762
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>they triage low-hanging fruit pretty aggressively</p>",
        "id": 185065140,
        "sender_full_name": "gnzlbg",
        "timestamp": 1578438773
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116122\">@simulacrum</span> by \"libs\" you mean \"members of the libs team\"? Otherwise I can't parse your sentence :/</p>",
        "id": 185065164,
        "sender_full_name": "Lukas Kalbertodt",
        "timestamp": 1578438790
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes,</p>",
        "id": 185065491,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1578439107
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Personally, I've never been involved much with std matters. That's why i removed myself from fcp tickboxes so long ago. I spend much more time on ecosystem stuff. It's an interesting idea to perhaps have different focuses within the libs team, which i think is already true, but perhaps implicit. Idk what the proper organizational structure is. (This is also my first time on Zulip.)</p>",
        "id": 185171768,
        "sender_full_name": "BurntSushi",
        "timestamp": 1578528698
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>What would you see as the job of an \"ecosystem libs\" team?</p>",
        "id": 185173540,
        "sender_full_name": "Jake Goulding",
        "timestamp": 1578530446
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Not sure. For me personally, i spend time maintaining and building crates outside of std. I suspect things like the API guidelines and generally promoting idiomatic code to fall under that category as well. Maybe more stuff.</p>",
        "id": 185173753,
        "sender_full_name": "BurntSushi",
        "timestamp": 1578530714
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Just building stuff outside of std doesn't really need a <em>team</em> though, does it? That's \"just\" development.</p>\n<p>API guidelines / documenting and promoting idioms seems reasonable though.</p>",
        "id": 185174063,
        "sender_full_name": "Jake Goulding",
        "timestamp": 1578531028
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>documenting is T-docs atm I think</p>",
        "id": 185174101,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1578531082
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>To be clear, I think it would make sense for there to be a \"std team\" that applies a pretty high standards bar and some other group as well. Things that are common across crates can be raised up to the std team.</p>",
        "id": 185174162,
        "sender_full_name": "Jake Goulding",
        "timestamp": 1578531136
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I also should be clear that I've not the time for either of these teams, so I have very little say in how they look or what they do. <span aria-label=\"wink\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f609\" role=\"img\" title=\"wink\">:wink:</span></p>",
        "id": 185174181,
        "sender_full_name": "Jake Goulding",
        "timestamp": 1578531184
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116155\">@Jake Goulding</span> Not sure i would agree with that take, but I'm on mobile and it's late. Maintenance of important crates seems like something that a team could manage to me.</p>",
        "id": 185174199,
        "sender_full_name": "BurntSushi",
        "timestamp": 1578531230
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"222471\">@Andrew Gallant</span> ah, you know that's a good point. I was forgetting about all the crates that are under the rust-lang umbrella</p>",
        "id": 185174264,
        "sender_full_name": "Jake Goulding",
        "timestamp": 1578531297
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116155\">@Jake Goulding</span> note that many of those crates are used by the compiler for internal consumption and are really for the compiler team to review and manage</p>",
        "id": 185174288,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1578531336
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>But would it make sense for e.g. regex or serde to be under the purview of that group? I would think no / the maintainers wouldn't want such.</p>",
        "id": 185174340,
        "sender_full_name": "Jake Goulding",
        "timestamp": 1578531377
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yes, but not all. And the set isn't fixed.</p>",
        "id": 185174346,
        "sender_full_name": "BurntSushi",
        "timestamp": 1578531386
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"126931\">@centril</span> indeed, I was implicitly ignoring those.</p>",
        "id": 185174351,
        "sender_full_name": "Jake Goulding",
        "timestamp": 1578531399
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess i see my maintenance of regex as part of my library team duties. At least, that's how it started many moons ago. Keep in mind that I'm not expressing a strong opinion. Just brainstorming.</p>",
        "id": 185174381,
        "sender_full_name": "BurntSushi",
        "timestamp": 1578531468
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>And I'm of the opinion that I don't really want <em>de facto</em> standard libraries / \"this crate is the only crate to use\". </p>\n<p>Selfishly, as soon as there's a rust-lang/error-handler, SNAFU is as good as dead, for example.</p>",
        "id": 185174447,
        "sender_full_name": "Jake Goulding",
        "timestamp": 1578531522
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't think anything I've expressed is in intrinsic conflict with that...</p>",
        "id": 185174469,
        "sender_full_name": "BurntSushi",
        "timestamp": 1578531572
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>But I could also see semi-fundamental traits in such an organization, (whatever happened to http anyway?)</p>",
        "id": 185174484,
        "sender_full_name": "Jake Goulding",
        "timestamp": 1578531590
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116155\">@Jake Goulding</span> Well it's being used in hyper, tokio, and actix. Just from looking at its reverse dependencies. <a href=\"https://crates.io/crates/http/reverse_dependencies\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://crates.io/crates/http/reverse_dependencies\">https://crates.io/crates/http/reverse_dependencies</a></p>",
        "id": 185188777,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1578554389
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It's being maintained by <a href=\"https://github.com/hyperium\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/hyperium\">https://github.com/hyperium</a></p>",
        "id": 185188919,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1578554570
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Just FYI: there is a <a class=\"stream\" data-stream-id=\"219381\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs\">#t-libs</a>  stream now! CC <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"256342\">@bstrie</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"224471\">@Lokathor</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"120791\">@RalfJ</span> (I have no idea whether you would have gotten a notification, hence explicit ping)</p>",
        "id": 185189091,
        "sender_full_name": "Lukas Kalbertodt",
        "timestamp": 1578554876
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It was in the announce stream, but not everyone follows that necessarily</p>",
        "id": 185189136,
        "sender_full_name": "Lokathor",
        "timestamp": 1578554933
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ah, right. Thought it would be useful to mention it in this topic as well.</p>",
        "id": 185189748,
        "sender_full_name": "Lukas Kalbertodt",
        "timestamp": 1578555864
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"219696\">@XAMPPRocky</span> that’s good to hear. Surprised it’s not in more though. Maybe it’s used indirectly</p>",
        "id": 185213347,
        "sender_full_name": "Jake Goulding",
        "timestamp": 1578578115
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>does anyone know where the libs team has their meetings?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>We haven’t had regularly-scheduled video meetings for a while. <code>#rust-libs</code> on IRC was the place to have information discussion, and we’re moving to <code>t-libs</code> here on Zulip: <a href=\"https://internals.rust-lang.org/t/the-library-team-is-moving-from-irc-to-zulip/11598\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://internals.rust-lang.org/t/the-library-team-is-moving-from-irc-to-zulip/11598\">https://internals.rust-lang.org/t/the-library-team-is-moving-from-irc-to-zulip/11598</a></p>",
        "id": 185225300,
        "sender_full_name": "Simon Sapin",
        "timestamp": 1578585521
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>library maintenance of the standard library could just be the compiler team</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>If by maintenance you mean of implementation details such as bug fixes or perf improvement, then yes I think that compiler team members or in fact any reviewer who feels comfortable reviewing a given PR should feel free to help out without necessarily blocking on T-libs approval. For anything that adds/extends/modifies a public API however T-libs still has a role to play. You mentioned coherency of the language direction for T-lang, this is similar.</p>",
        "id": 185225943,
        "sender_full_name": "Simon Sapin",
        "timestamp": 1578585848
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"219747\">@Simon Sapin</span> what you wrote is basically how I see it also</p>",
        "id": 185244684,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1578597001
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116155\">@Jake Goulding</span> Well that was just the notable mentions. It has about 300~ dependent crates so it seems like it is being used.</p>",
        "id": 185387476,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1578744727
    }
]