[
    {
        "content": "<p>Meeting placeholder for <strong>tomorrow</strong> <time datetime=\"2021-02-23T16:00:00Z\">2021-02-23T17:00:00+01:00</time> </p>\n<p>Agenda:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Triage</li>\n<li>Roadmap Project Updates</li>\n</ul>\n<p>If you got anything else, you want to discuss, just put it below.</p>",
        "id": 227303753,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1614014491
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-clippy/pull/6775\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-clippy/pull/6775</a> moves <code>upper_case_acronyms</code> from <code>style</code> group to <code>pedantic</code> (which means it no longer warns by default) but <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"219696\">@XAMPPRocky</span> had some objections.<br>\nI'm not sure if we should revert my pr or not so maybe we could have a quick look at that and see how other people feel about the lint :)</p>",
        "id": 227327285,
        "sender_full_name": "matthiaskrgr",
        "timestamp": 1614023648
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Meeting T-14min</p>\n<p>Final Agenda:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Triage</li>\n<li>Roadmap Project Updates</li>\n<li><code>upper_case_acronyms</code> categorization</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 227451213,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1614095209
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Meeting time <span aria-label=\"wave\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44b\" role=\"img\" title=\"wave\">:wave:</span></p>",
        "id": 227453665,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1614096008
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Let's start of with triage: Any issues/PR, we should look at before the sync?</p>",
        "id": 227454751,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1614096207
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't have sync-blocking issues/PRs.</p>",
        "id": 227454994,
        "sender_full_name": "Takayuki Nakata",
        "timestamp": 1614096260
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>If not <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"261224\">@triagebot</span> end-topic</p>",
        "id": 227455048,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1614096274
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Does anyone have something to add on the current topic?<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"working on it\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f6e0\" role=\"img\" title=\"working on it\">:working_on_it:</span> if you have something to say.<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"all good\" class=\"emoji emoji-2705\" role=\"img\" title=\"all good\">:all_good:</span> if not.</p>",
        "id": 227455051,
        "sender_full_name": "triagebot",
        "timestamp": 1614096275
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Next up roadmap update: I want to do this regularly in meetings</p>",
        "id": 227455179,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1614096309
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The two projects I have on my radar, are the work on </p>\n<ul>\n<li>lintcheck, mostly by <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"217864\">@matthiaskrgr</span> </li>\n<li>triage dashboard by <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"316507\">@Takayuki Nakata</span></li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 227455340,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1614096349
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So lintcheck is mostly feature complete, AFAICT. Any plans on features you want to add <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"217864\">@matthiaskrgr</span></p>",
        "id": 227455566,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1614096396
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Since last week, lintcheck can now collect ICEs that happen and I added parallel execution so that we can check several crates at once (this is opt in via <code>-j </code> flag)</p>",
        "id": 227455899,
        "sender_full_name": "matthiaskrgr",
        "timestamp": 1614096474
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Since clippy only checks the root crate and path-deps since recently, I don't expect to find many crashes though</p>",
        "id": 227456026,
        "sender_full_name": "matthiaskrgr",
        "timestamp": 1614096510
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Like discussed in the last meeting, I started a separate repo, to run he lintchecks: <a href=\"https://github.com/flip1995/clippy-lintcheck\">https://github.com/flip1995/clippy-lintcheck</a></p>\n<p>Currently WIP and ugly code. But I think this is the way to go.</p>",
        "id": 227456090,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1614096536
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Some thinks I have in mind that could be done:<br>\nmove the code into a seperate crate (<code>lintcheck</code>). I don't think there is a lot of the original <code>clippy dev</code> code that I import and it would make my workflow a bit easier (since I don't have to juggle around with <code> --features lintcheck</code> all the time</p>",
        "id": 227456326,
        "sender_full_name": "matthiaskrgr",
        "timestamp": 1614096616
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we could still keep <code>cargo dev lintcheck</code> as command that does <code>cargo run --bin lintcheck..</code> or something like that though</p>",
        "id": 227456400,
        "sender_full_name": "matthiaskrgr",
        "timestamp": 1614096641
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Should we move the lintcheck tool to the repo where we'll keep the logs and config files?</p>",
        "id": 227456508,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1614096676
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I would still like to have it in the clippy repo to encourage lint-contributors to run it themselves so they can see what impact their lint has</p>",
        "id": 227456703,
        "sender_full_name": "matthiaskrgr",
        "timestamp": 1614096740
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ah, so a separate crate in the clippy repo. Yeah i think that would make sense.</p>",
        "id": 227456819,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1614096784
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think the  hack clippy -&gt; add tests -&gt; run lintcheck-&gt; hack clippy -&gt; add more tests from FP found with lintcheck  workflow is quite valuable</p>",
        "id": 227456862,
        "sender_full_name": "matthiaskrgr",
        "timestamp": 1614096792
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"264664\">flip1995</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/257328-clippy/topic/Meeting.202021-02-23/near/227456819\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Ah, so a separate crate in the clippy repo. Yeah i think that would make sense.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>yes, sorry</p>",
        "id": 227456892,
        "sender_full_name": "matthiaskrgr",
        "timestamp": 1614096804
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"316507\">@Takayuki Nakata</span> put some work into a triage dashboard, which you can see in <a href=\"#narrow/stream/257328-clippy/topic/can.20we.20automate.20triaging.20PRs.20a.20bit.3F/near/227444152\">this topic</a></p>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"316507\">@Takayuki Nakata</span> do you host this on github pages or somewhere, where it can already be used or is it only local currently?</p>",
        "id": 227456924,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1614096815
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Now, it works on only local.</p>",
        "id": 227457093,
        "sender_full_name": "Takayuki Nakata",
        "timestamp": 1614096866
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>As the next step, I'm thinking I host this dashboard prototype on somewhere.</p>",
        "id": 227457446,
        "sender_full_name": "Takayuki Nakata",
        "timestamp": 1614097002
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>That's fine. It definitely looks ready enough, that it could be hosted somewhere. <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"316507\">@Takayuki Nakata</span> if you think that it's ready, let me know and we can work on getting it hosted somewhere.</p>",
        "id": 227457561,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1614097023
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Any other Roadmap project updates? <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"261224\">@triagebot</span> await</p>",
        "id": 227457695,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1614097045
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Does anyone have something to add on the current topic?<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"working on it\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f6e0\" role=\"img\" title=\"working on it\">:working_on_it:</span> if you have something to say.<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"all good\" class=\"emoji emoji-2705\" role=\"img\" title=\"all good\">:all_good:</span> if not.</p>",
        "id": 227457703,
        "sender_full_name": "triagebot",
        "timestamp": 1614097046
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ok next up <code>upper_case_acronyms</code> classification. Handing over to <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"217864\">@matthiaskrgr</span></p>",
        "id": 227458019,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1614097104
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://rust-lang.github.io/rust-clippy/master/index.html#upper_case_acronyms\">https://rust-lang.github.io/rust-clippy/master/index.html#upper_case_acronyms</a></p>",
        "id": 227458054,
        "sender_full_name": "matthiaskrgr",
        "timestamp": 1614097121
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The lint was in the <code>style</code> group and warned about  names that hat several capital letters with no lower case letters in between from what I understand.</p>",
        "id": 227458243,
        "sender_full_name": "matthiaskrgr",
        "timestamp": 1614097199
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It seems appropriate for style IMO. But I would feel differently if there is a false positive case?</p>",
        "id": 227458337,
        "sender_full_name": "Cameron Steffen",
        "timestamp": 1614097222
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I counted around 200  lint warnings inside the rustc repo</p>",
        "id": 227458346,
        "sender_full_name": "matthiaskrgr",
        "timestamp": 1614097228
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I reviewed the original PR and struggled to classify it. On the one hand it is a naming convention of Rust RFC 430. On the other hand this is really opinionated and will trigger on many peoples code.</p>",
        "id": 227458413,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1614097253
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>There was already a bit of a discussion on the PR where I downgraded the lint: <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-clippy/pull/6775\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-clippy/pull/6775</a></p>",
        "id": 227458486,
        "sender_full_name": "matthiaskrgr",
        "timestamp": 1614097282
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>for example I would not want to rewrite <code>LLVMRustResult</code> to <code>LlvmRustResult</code> (that reads quite badly) but that is also just my opinion :)</p>",
        "id": 227458663,
        "sender_full_name": "matthiaskrgr",
        "timestamp": 1614097336
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm good with both categories. But I also like <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"217864\">@matthiaskrgr</span> suggestion to split the lint and make the part of all-uppercase warn-by-default and the other part allow-by-default</p>",
        "id": 227458720,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1614097358
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It does seem more picky when acronyms and words are mixed...</p>",
        "id": 227458780,
        "sender_full_name": "Cameron Steffen",
        "timestamp": 1614097387
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"217864\">matthiaskrgr</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/257328-clippy/topic/Meeting.202021-02-23/near/227458663\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>for example I would not want to rewrite <code>LLVMRustResult</code> to <code>LlvmRustResult</code> (that reads quite badly) but that is also just my opinion :)</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Yeah, the second looks indeed really weird</p>",
        "id": 227458813,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1614097396
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, it can't know when a word is actually an acronym</p>",
        "id": 227458864,
        "sender_full_name": "matthiaskrgr",
        "timestamp": 1614097417
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't like the lint name and message because it assumes it's an acronym when it might just be an uppercase word</p>",
        "id": 227458896,
        "sender_full_name": "Cameron Steffen",
        "timestamp": 1614097431
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>which is <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-clippy/issues/6631\">rust-lang/rust-clippy#6631</a></p>",
        "id": 227458993,
        "sender_full_name": "Cameron Steffen",
        "timestamp": 1614097463
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I've checked lintcheck and currently there are 16 cases where we have mixed acronyms and words and only 4 cases where a name is fully capitalized (e.g. <code>WORD</code>)</p>",
        "id": 227459052,
        "sender_full_name": "matthiaskrgr",
        "timestamp": 1614097496
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe mixed could be a separate lint?</p>",
        "id": 227459131,
        "sender_full_name": "Cameron Steffen",
        "timestamp": 1614097530
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or configurable?</p>",
        "id": 227459149,
        "sender_full_name": "Cameron Steffen",
        "timestamp": 1614097538
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Oh right, I forgot about <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/6631\">#6631</a>... <span aria-label=\"sweat smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f605\" role=\"img\" title=\"sweat smile\">:sweat_smile:</span></p>",
        "id": 227459177,
        "sender_full_name": "matthiaskrgr",
        "timestamp": 1614097547
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So move it again to <code>style</code> but add a off-by-default aggressive mode config, that will preserve the current behavior and otherwise only lint on all-uppercase names?</p>",
        "id": 227459451,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1614097648
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so, one lint for FULLCAPITAL and one lint for mixed like LLVMResultSomething?</p>",
        "id": 227459458,
        "sender_full_name": "matthiaskrgr",
        "timestamp": 1614097652
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We could also add a whitelist for terms like <code>ABI</code> or <code>LLVM</code> <span aria-label=\"thinking\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f914\" role=\"img\" title=\"thinking\">:thinking:</span></p>",
        "id": 227459621,
        "sender_full_name": "xFrednet",
        "timestamp": 1614097706
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think that are the two options:</p>\n<ol>\n<li>split the lint</li>\n<li>configuration option</li>\n</ol>",
        "id": 227459666,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1614097723
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Config <span aria-label=\"working on it\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f6e0\" role=\"img\" title=\"working on it\">:working_on_it:</span> or separate lint <span aria-label=\"boom\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f4a5\" role=\"img\" title=\"boom\">:boom:</span> ?</p>",
        "id": 227459728,
        "sender_full_name": "Cameron Steffen",
        "timestamp": 1614097744
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>imo splitting the lint is more easy to set up via  allow-deny  on the clippy-uses side , mmh</p>",
        "id": 227459797,
        "sender_full_name": "matthiaskrgr",
        "timestamp": 1614097776
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(you can also control it on individual code-blocks then)</p>",
        "id": 227459813,
        "sender_full_name": "matthiaskrgr",
        "timestamp": 1614097786
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, I can't really decide what I prefer here. Both options have pros and cons.</p>",
        "id": 227460114,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1614097890
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>But it seems, that most would prefer a config option for it. Any volunteers that want to add that?</p>",
        "id": 227460305,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1614097949
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Maybe leave it in pedantic until config is added</p>",
        "id": 227460539,
        "sender_full_name": "Cameron Steffen",
        "timestamp": 1614098016
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Well, we're a bit over time, so I would <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"261224\">@triagebot</span>  end-meeting.</p>",
        "id": 227460633,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1614098046
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Unknown command.</p>",
        "id": 227460635,
        "sender_full_name": "triagebot",
        "timestamp": 1614098046
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"261224\">@triagebot</span> end-meeting</p>",
        "id": 227460666,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1614098057
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Does anyone have something to bring up?<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"working on it\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f6e0\" role=\"img\" title=\"working on it\">:working_on_it:</span> if you have something to say.<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"all good\" class=\"emoji emoji-2705\" role=\"img\" title=\"all good\">:all_good:</span> if you're ready to end the meeting.</p>",
        "id": 227460668,
        "sender_full_name": "triagebot",
        "timestamp": 1614098057
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(you can't put a dot . behind the triagebot command)</p>",
        "id": 227460718,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1614098075
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"264664\">@flip1995</span> I never got a A-category label <span aria-label=\"smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f642\" role=\"img\" title=\"smile\">:smile:</span></p>",
        "id": 227460735,
        "sender_full_name": "Cameron Steffen",
        "timestamp": 1614098083
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Oh, I'll add that now. I've gone over your list like 5 times and still forgot it <span aria-label=\"smiley\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f603\" role=\"img\" title=\"smiley\">:smiley:</span></p>",
        "id": 227460882,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1614098138
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>A-category or L-category?</p>",
        "id": 227461010,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1614098173
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Anyway, thanks everyone for attending! <span aria-label=\"wave\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44b\" role=\"img\" title=\"wave\">:wave:</span></p>",
        "id": 227461078,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1614098203
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>A-category</p>",
        "id": 227461139,
        "sender_full_name": "Cameron Steffen",
        "timestamp": 1614098229
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Thank you for running the meeting again <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"264664\">@flip1995</span> <span aria-label=\"wave\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44b\" role=\"img\" title=\"wave\">:wave:</span></p>",
        "id": 227461151,
        "sender_full_name": "xFrednet",
        "timestamp": 1614098231
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-clippy/labels?q=A-category\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-clippy/labels?q=A-category</a></p>",
        "id": 227461503,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1614098353
    }
]