[
    {
        "content": "<p>Placeholder for tomorrows meeting <time datetime=\"2021-03-09T16:00:00Z\">2021-03-09T17:00:00+01:00</time> </p>\n<p>Agenda:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Triage</li>\n<li>Author field in <code>Cargo.toml</code>s</li>\n<li>(Roadmap Project Updates)</li>\n<li>Continue with fortnightly meetings?</li>\n</ul>\n<p>As always: if you have something else, you want to discuss, just put it below.</p>",
        "id": 229304178,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1615212668
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'd like to collect feedback on <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-clippy/issues/6806\">rust-lang/rust-clippy#6806</a>. Especially: Should we warn by default?</p>",
        "id": 229313588,
        "sender_full_name": "Cameron Steffen",
        "timestamp": 1615216229
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Currently testing it but once it gets merged, we will have much better rust-analyzer support for contributors: <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-clippy/pull/6869\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-clippy/pull/6869</a></p>",
        "id": 229425994,
        "sender_full_name": "Phil H",
        "timestamp": 1615269133
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh this one is great! <span aria-label=\"tada\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f389\" role=\"img\" title=\"tada\">:tada:</span></p>",
        "id": 229435460,
        "sender_full_name": "ThibsG",
        "timestamp": 1615276400
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Meeting in T-10m</p>",
        "id": 229497914,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1615305069
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Meeting time <span aria-label=\"wave\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44b\" role=\"img\" title=\"wave\">:wave:</span></p>",
        "id": 229499638,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1615305649
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>First up triage:</p>\n<p>We merged this PR: <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-clippy/issues/6834\">clippy#6834</a>. This will need a follow up PR in rustc after the sync. Just a heads up.</p>\n<p>Any other issues I should know about before the sync on Thursday? <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"261224\">@triagebot</span>  await</p>",
        "id": 229500253,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1615305752
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"261224\">@triagebot</span> await</p>",
        "id": 229500334,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1615305769
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"261224\">@triagebot</span> end-topic</p>",
        "id": 229500440,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1615305790
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Is triagebot working correctly? :)</p>",
        "id": 229500619,
        "sender_full_name": "Phil H",
        "timestamp": 1615305840
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Nope, triagebot seems asleep</p>",
        "id": 229500757,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1615305863
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ok, next topic: The author field  in our Cargo.tomls is all over the place. I'd like to fix that</p>",
        "id": 229500877,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1615305894
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We could just remove it?</p>",
        "id": 229501048,
        "sender_full_name": "Phil H",
        "timestamp": 1615305928
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'd suggest to use  <code>The Rust Clippy Developers</code> or <code>The Rust Project Developers</code> like rustc does</p>",
        "id": 229501132,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1615305947
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>inb4 clippy::cargo_common_metadata fires...</p>",
        "id": 229501159,
        "sender_full_name": "matthiaskrgr",
        "timestamp": 1615305955
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I would avoid removing, except Cargo decides that it isn't necessary anymore.</p>",
        "id": 229501421,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1615306007
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Authors is going to go away at some point</p>",
        "id": 229501484,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1615306019
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but yeah rust project developers is fine</p>",
        "id": 229501545,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1615306030
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So <code>Clippy</code> or <code>Project</code>?</p>",
        "id": 229501548,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1615306031
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><code>The Really Picky Rust Project Developers</code></p>",
        "id": 229501558,
        "sender_full_name": "Cameron Steffen",
        "timestamp": 1615306033
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The Rust Pedantic Developers</p>",
        "id": 229501934,
        "sender_full_name": "llogiq",
        "timestamp": 1615306112
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The Rust Pandemic Developers</p>",
        "id": 229502100,
        "sender_full_name": "matthiaskrgr",
        "timestamp": 1615306147
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, let's go viral....no, that came out all wrong...</p>",
        "id": 229502212,
        "sender_full_name": "llogiq",
        "timestamp": 1615306173
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think \"rust project\" makes it seem like its everyone working on rustc..?</p>",
        "id": 229502286,
        "sender_full_name": "matthiaskrgr",
        "timestamp": 1615306192
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, I also see clippy as an entity related to but not completely congruent with rustc.</p>",
        "id": 229502462,
        "sender_full_name": "llogiq",
        "timestamp": 1615306221
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ok, <code>The Rust Clippy  Developers</code> it is. I'll change this after the meeting.</p>",
        "id": 229502514,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1615306233
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Do we have to ask the current authors for permission or should we just go wit it?</p>\n<div class=\"codehilite\"><pre><span></span><code>    &quot;Manish Goregaokar &lt;manishsmail@gmail.com&gt;&quot;,\n    &quot;Andre Bogus &lt;bogusandre@gmail.com&gt;&quot;,\n    &quot;Georg Brandl &lt;georg@python.org&gt;&quot;,\n    &quot;Martin Carton &lt;cartonmartin@gmail.com&gt;&quot;,\n    &quot;Oliver Schneider &lt;clippy-iethah7aipeen8neex1a@oli-obk.de&gt;&quot;\n</code></pre></div>",
        "id": 229502657,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1615306280
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>do it</p>",
        "id": 229502693,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1615306290
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Maybe ping them in the PR</p>",
        "id": 229502721,
        "sender_full_name": "xFrednet",
        "timestamp": 1615306300
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"261224\">@triagebot</span> end-topic</p>\n<p>Ok, will do</p>",
        "id": 229502754,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1615306314
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Does anyone have something to add on the current topic?<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"working on it\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f6e0\" role=\"img\" title=\"working on it\">:working_on_it:</span> if you have something to say.<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"all good\" class=\"emoji emoji-2705\" role=\"img\" title=\"all good\">:all_good:</span> if not.</p>",
        "id": 229502759,
        "sender_full_name": "triagebot",
        "timestamp": 1615306315
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It's* is alive!</p>",
        "id": 229502777,
        "sender_full_name": "xFrednet",
        "timestamp": 1615306322
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't have any project updates this week. Does anyone have anything? <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"261224\">@triagebot</span> end-topic</p>",
        "id": 229502919,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1615306361
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Does anyone have something to add on the current topic?<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"working on it\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f6e0\" role=\"img\" title=\"working on it\">:working_on_it:</span> if you have something to say.<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"all good\" class=\"emoji emoji-2705\" role=\"img\" title=\"all good\">:all_good:</span> if not.</p>",
        "id": 229502921,
        "sender_full_name": "triagebot",
        "timestamp": 1615306361
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'll notify Moaz (who is currently setting up the clippy book).</p>",
        "id": 229503007,
        "sender_full_name": "llogiq",
        "timestamp": 1615306385
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I just wanted to say that <code>lintcheck</code> is great for reviewing PRs, so thanks <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"217864\">@matthiaskrgr</span>  <span aria-label=\"100\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f4af\" role=\"img\" title=\"100\">:100:</span></p>",
        "id": 229503073,
        "sender_full_name": "Phil H",
        "timestamp": 1615306398
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>lintcheck is mostly feature complete now I think, I have some wip branch to move it into its own crate but that's it I guess :)</p>",
        "id": 229503097,
        "sender_full_name": "matthiaskrgr",
        "timestamp": 1615306411
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It's also super awesome for development</p>",
        "id": 229503107,
        "sender_full_name": "xFrednet",
        "timestamp": 1615306416
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We may want to advertise it a bit more.</p>",
        "id": 229503152,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1615306437
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah I'll need to write some docs :)</p>",
        "id": 229503233,
        "sender_full_name": "matthiaskrgr",
        "timestamp": 1615306449
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The only thing missing is a policy when and how the lintcheck log should be updated</p>",
        "id": 229503239,
        "sender_full_name": "xFrednet",
        "timestamp": 1615306452
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, currently it is lintcheck changes -&gt; log is updated</p>",
        "id": 229503363,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1615306481
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah right.<br>\nEssentially, I if the logs are in the repo I think that should mean that it has been triaged</p>",
        "id": 229503402,
        "sender_full_name": "matthiaskrgr",
        "timestamp": 1615306489
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I do have another topic to add btw</p>",
        "id": 229503417,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1615306492
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I usually have  a look at what changed when I update the logs in a pr</p>",
        "id": 229503512,
        "sender_full_name": "matthiaskrgr",
        "timestamp": 1615306507
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"132040\">@Manish Goregaokar</span> go ahead!</p>",
        "id": 229503634,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1615306527
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think having it in another branch like the github page would be nice and it would prevent merge conflics</p>",
        "id": 229503652,
        "sender_full_name": "xFrednet",
        "timestamp": 1615306529
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://github.com/laumann/compiletest-rs/issues/236\">https://github.com/laumann/compiletest-rs/issues/236</a></p>",
        "id": 229503734,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1615306542
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>laumann wanted to move <code>compiletest-rs</code> out. I've accepted it for now</p>",
        "id": 229503814,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1615306558
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I was wondering if we should try to maintain it as the clippy team</p>",
        "id": 229503887,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1615306568
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and it would be nice if we could get the rustc compiletest to depend on it</p>",
        "id": 229503920,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1615306578
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Is there still the divide between the rustc compiletest and the public one?</p>",
        "id": 229504019,
        "sender_full_name": "llogiq",
        "timestamp": 1615306624
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yes</p>",
        "id": 229504031,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1615306627
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I want to get rid of that too</p>",
        "id": 229504050,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1615306632
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't have the time for it though</p>",
        "id": 229504069,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1615306635
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>In that case, yeah, unifying them would be great.</p>",
        "id": 229504090,
        "sender_full_name": "llogiq",
        "timestamp": 1615306642
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't really have an opinion on that, since I never worked on it. But if resources allow us to maintain it , I think that would make sense, since we're actively using it.</p>",
        "id": 229504112,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1615306651
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm happy to add features/fix bugs as before, but not sure if I would want to work on the unification, tbh</p>",
        "id": 229504119,
        "sender_full_name": "Phil H",
        "timestamp": 1615306653
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://github.com/Manishearth/compiletest-rs/issues/237\">https://github.com/Manishearth/compiletest-rs/issues/237</a></p>",
        "id": 229504233,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1615306688
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah so we basically currently only make fixes</p>",
        "id": 229504252,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1615306695
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and it's fine</p>",
        "id": 229504261,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1615306697
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Also filed that^ to make it easier to unify</p>",
        "id": 229504296,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1615306717
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I've filed <a href=\"https://github.com/Manishearth/compiletest-rs/issues/238\">https://github.com/Manishearth/compiletest-rs/issues/238</a> to track merging</p>",
        "id": 229504453,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1615306780
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The unification will include a lot of breaking changes (renamed headers, flags, etc), that's my biggest concern</p>",
        "id": 229504492,
        "sender_full_name": "Phil H",
        "timestamp": 1615306797
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>But I'll check with core to make sure this isn't an expansion of scope</p>",
        "id": 229504498,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1615306799
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"197894\">@Philipp Hansch</span> we can do that gradually imo</p>",
        "id": 229504570,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1615306808
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah, I'd be in favor of that</p>",
        "id": 229504608,
        "sender_full_name": "Phil H",
        "timestamp": 1615306818
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So Clippy also maintains compiletest-rs, but we're not committing to put much work into unifying it just yet?</p>",
        "id": 229504787,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1615306882
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>But if someone wants to take this up, we're happy to mentor this work?</p>",
        "id": 229504876,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1615306910
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Sounds sensible.</p>",
        "id": 229505160,
        "sender_full_name": "llogiq",
        "timestamp": 1615306993
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ok, then <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"261224\">@triagebot</span> end-topic</p>",
        "id": 229505204,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1615307006
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Does anyone have something to add on the current topic?<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"working on it\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f6e0\" role=\"img\" title=\"working on it\">:working_on_it:</span> if you have something to say.<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"all good\" class=\"emoji emoji-2705\" role=\"img\" title=\"all good\">:all_good:</span> if not.</p>",
        "id": 229505208,
        "sender_full_name": "triagebot",
        "timestamp": 1615307007
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Next, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"360405\">@Cameron Steffen</span> go ahead with the public API discussion</p>",
        "id": 229505265,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1615307030
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Greetings</p>",
        "id": 229505351,
        "sender_full_name": "Cameron Steffen",
        "timestamp": 1615307045
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Everything is pretty well explained here <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-clippy/issues/6806\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-clippy/issues/6806</a></p>",
        "id": 229505420,
        "sender_full_name": "Cameron Steffen",
        "timestamp": 1615307063
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>And just received some good feedback there too</p>",
        "id": 229505466,
        "sender_full_name": "Cameron Steffen",
        "timestamp": 1615307079
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I second <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"217864\">@matthiaskrgr</span> comment on that issue. I wouldn't enable it by default, but adding a configuration option seems reasonable to me</p>",
        "id": 229505601,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1615307124
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Basically just want to reach a decision on whether we should warn by default when suggesting a change to the public api of a crate</p>",
        "id": 229505630,
        "sender_full_name": "Cameron Steffen",
        "timestamp": 1615307130
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think it should be warn by default, clippy will mostly be used during development and therefore befor the API get's released. It might annoy some people at first but seems better in the long run</p>",
        "id": 229505861,
        "sender_full_name": "xFrednet",
        "timestamp": 1615307192
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I thought we should warn by default, but after seeing more feedback I'm on the fence.</p>",
        "id": 229505958,
        "sender_full_name": "Cameron Steffen",
        "timestamp": 1615307228
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, but older more stable projects will then never pick up Clippy, because of this.</p>",
        "id": 229506001,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1615307241
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>And we should aim for Clippy to be picked up across all of Rusts ecosystem, once we're completed our Roadmap and Clippy is more \"stable\" and \"FP free\".</p>",
        "id": 229506147,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1615307286
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Okay, in that case it would be better to not warn by default</p>",
        "id": 229506219,
        "sender_full_name": "xFrednet",
        "timestamp": 1615307304
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah I can understand catering to more stable projects so they can use clippy config-free</p>",
        "id": 229506291,
        "sender_full_name": "Cameron Steffen",
        "timestamp": 1615307328
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>could we have some kind of \"unstable api\" lint group that solves a part of the problem?</p>",
        "id": 229506349,
        "sender_full_name": "matthiaskrgr",
        "timestamp": 1615307345
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So my opinion on this is that we should not stop having lints which affect public APIs, but this config is good for lints which _usually shouldn't_ affect public APIs but sometimes you want them to</p>",
        "id": 229506445,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1615307374
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"217864\">matthiaskrgr</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/257328-clippy/topic/Meeting.202021-03-09/near/229506349\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>could we have some kind of \"unstable api\" lint group that solves a part of the problem?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>It would be hard to determine what is part of the unstable api and should be linted right?</p>",
        "id": 229506458,
        "sender_full_name": "xFrednet",
        "timestamp": 1615307378
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"217864\">@matthiaskrgr</span> nah, this is mostly tweaks to existing lints, right?</p>",
        "id": 229506466,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1615307383
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"132040\">@Manish Goregaokar</span> mh probably.. :/</p>",
        "id": 229506590,
        "sender_full_name": "matthiaskrgr",
        "timestamp": 1615307411
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm not sure what a group would solve</p>",
        "id": 229506626,
        "sender_full_name": "Cameron Steffen",
        "timestamp": 1615307430
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the way lints are implemented right now we would probably need  <code>lint_x</code> and <code>lint_x_but_pub</code> for every other lint, urgh</p>",
        "id": 229506661,
        "sender_full_name": "matthiaskrgr",
        "timestamp": 1615307440
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so scratch that..</p>",
        "id": 229506701,
        "sender_full_name": "matthiaskrgr",
        "timestamp": 1615307456
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So I think we're decided on warn by default. Does the name <code>suppress_public_api_changes</code> default <code>true</code> sound good?</p>",
        "id": 229506827,
        "sender_full_name": "Cameron Steffen",
        "timestamp": 1615307495
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Also, I think this would be good to have on the readme in some fashion</p>",
        "id": 229506878,
        "sender_full_name": "Cameron Steffen",
        "timestamp": 1615307515
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"360405\">Cameron Steffen</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/257328-clippy/topic/Meeting.202021-03-09/near/229506878\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Also, I think this would be good to have on the readme in some fashion</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I think we should at one point create a configuration guide for clippy in general</p>",
        "id": 229506999,
        "sender_full_name": "xFrednet",
        "timestamp": 1615307546
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>also dark mode for <a href=\"https://rust-lang.github.io/rust-clippy/master/index.html\">https://rust-lang.github.io/rust-clippy/master/index.html</a><br>\n/me hides</p>",
        "id": 229507103,
        "sender_full_name": "matthiaskrgr",
        "timestamp": 1615307579
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I thought about implementing that as a part on the website but that's a future topic ^^</p>",
        "id": 229507108,
        "sender_full_name": "xFrednet",
        "timestamp": 1615307581
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"360405\">@Cameron Steffen</span> Yes, _but_ I want to be very clear that this does not mean we strongly avoid public api changes in lints, some lints are severe enough where it's okay to ask for public api changes</p>",
        "id": 229507145,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1615307587
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"360405\">@Cameron Steffen</span> also i'd call it _breaking_ public changes</p>",
        "id": 229507175,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1615307596
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"217864\">matthiaskrgr</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/257328-clippy/topic/Meeting.202021-03-09/near/229507103\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>also dark mode for <a href=\"https://rust-lang.github.io/rust-clippy/master/index.html\">https://rust-lang.github.io/rust-clippy/master/index.html</a><br>\n/me hides</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I'll put it on the TODO  list, do you want to create an issue? I can take it up as I want to work on the website soon anyways <span aria-label=\"upside down\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f643\" role=\"img\" title=\"upside down\">:upside_down:</span></p>",
        "id": 229507273,
        "sender_full_name": "xFrednet",
        "timestamp": 1615307637
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, obviously security-relevant lints should trigger on public APIs, too.</p>",
        "id": 229507367,
        "sender_full_name": "llogiq",
        "timestamp": 1615307658
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><code>suppress_breaking_public_api_changes</code>? Getting a little long but public seems important too.</p>",
        "id": 229507433,
        "sender_full_name": "Cameron Steffen",
        "timestamp": 1615307679
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"369415\">@xFrednet</span>  on it <span aria-label=\"grinning face with smiling eyes\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f601\" role=\"img\" title=\"grinning face with smiling eyes\">:grinning_face_with_smiling_eyes:</span></p>",
        "id": 229507490,
        "sender_full_name": "matthiaskrgr",
        "timestamp": 1615307706
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ok, I think we have a decision here, so <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"261224\">@triagebot</span> end-topic</p>",
        "id": 229507606,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1615307751
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Does anyone have something to add on the current topic?<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"working on it\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f6e0\" role=\"img\" title=\"working on it\">:working_on_it:</span> if you have something to say.<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"all good\" class=\"emoji emoji-2705\" role=\"img\" title=\"all good\">:all_good:</span> if not.</p>",
        "id": 229507610,
        "sender_full_name": "triagebot",
        "timestamp": 1615307752
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Or <code>maintain_stable_api</code></p>",
        "id": 229507613,
        "sender_full_name": "Cameron Steffen",
        "timestamp": 1615307753
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"360405\">Cameron Steffen</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/257328-clippy/topic/Meeting.202021-03-09/near/229507613\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Or <code>maintain_stable_api</code></p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>The first suggestion seems clearer</p>",
        "id": 229507727,
        "sender_full_name": "xFrednet",
        "timestamp": 1615307777
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"360405\">Cameron Steffen</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/257328-clippy/topic/Meeting.202021-03-09/near/229507613\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Or <code>maintain_stable_api</code></p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I would prefer the more specific name</p>",
        "id": 229507751,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1615307785
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>+1 for <code>suppress_breaking_public_api_changes</code></p>",
        "id": 229507759,
        "sender_full_name": "Yoshitomo Nakanishi",
        "timestamp": 1615307789
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>kewl</p>",
        "id": 229507774,
        "sender_full_name": "Cameron Steffen",
        "timestamp": 1615307796
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"248599\">@llogiq</span> go ahead!</p>",
        "id": 229507796,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1615307806
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>How about <code>avoid_breaking_exported_api</code></p>",
        "id": 229507799,
        "sender_full_name": "llogiq",
        "timestamp": 1615307807
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think this is a bit clearer than <code>public</code>, although that is probably more common.</p>",
        "id": 229507972,
        "sender_full_name": "llogiq",
        "timestamp": 1615307864
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(that's all from my side)</p>",
        "id": 229508089,
        "sender_full_name": "llogiq",
        "timestamp": 1615307891
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Agree exported is clearer and \"avoid breaking\" is nicer to read</p>",
        "id": 229508198,
        "sender_full_name": "Cameron Steffen",
        "timestamp": 1615307934
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Will comment with conclusions on the issue</p>",
        "id": 229508422,
        "sender_full_name": "Cameron Steffen",
        "timestamp": 1615308012
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ok, then final topic: When we talked about the meetings on the Roadmap PR, we said, that we'll try them out and then decide if we want to continue with them. We're now doing those meetings for 2 months and I think we can vote: <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"261224\">@triagebot</span> end-topic</p>",
        "id": 229508432,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1615308015
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Does anyone have something to add on the current topic?<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"working on it\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f6e0\" role=\"img\" title=\"working on it\">:working_on_it:</span> if you have something to say.<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"all good\" class=\"emoji emoji-2705\" role=\"img\" title=\"all good\">:all_good:</span> if not.</p>",
        "id": 229508434,
        "sender_full_name": "triagebot",
        "timestamp": 1615308016
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span aria-label=\"check\" class=\"emoji emoji-2705\" role=\"img\" title=\"check\">:check:</span> is continue meetings</p>",
        "id": 229508467,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1615308029
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Great! I think those meetings are helpful!</p>",
        "id": 229508602,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1615308083
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>That's all from me <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"261224\">@triagebot</span> end-meeting</p>",
        "id": 229508740,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1615308127
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Does anyone have something to bring up?<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"working on it\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f6e0\" role=\"img\" title=\"working on it\">:working_on_it:</span> if you have something to say.<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"all good\" class=\"emoji emoji-2705\" role=\"img\" title=\"all good\">:all_good:</span> if you're ready to end the meeting.</p>",
        "id": 229508745,
        "sender_full_name": "triagebot",
        "timestamp": 1615308128
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Alright, thanks for attending everyone! <span aria-label=\"wave\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44b\" role=\"img\" title=\"wave\">:wave:</span></p>",
        "id": 229508970,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1615308207
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Thanks again <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"264664\">@flip1995</span> !</p>",
        "id": 229509011,
        "sender_full_name": "Cameron Steffen",
        "timestamp": 1615308223
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Then have a great rest of the week! Thank you <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"264664\">@flip1995</span>  for managing the meeting again you are doing a great job!</p>",
        "id": 229509143,
        "sender_full_name": "xFrednet",
        "timestamp": 1615308258
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Thanks all!</p>",
        "id": 229510517,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1615308759
    }
]