[
    {
        "content": "<p>Meeting <time datetime=\"2021-04-06T15:00:00Z\">2021-04-06T17:00:00+02:00</time> </p>\n<p>Agenda:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Triage</li>\n<li>More lintcheck todos <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-clippy/issues/6710\">rust-clippy#6710</a> (<code>I-nominated</code>)</li>\n</ul>\n<p>Sorry for posting this late, I stayed the Easter weekend away from my computer. I still have to catch up with my GH notifications, so if there is some important thing to discuss that I missed, please let me know.</p>",
        "id": 233301329,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1617707684
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Meeting in t-10min</p>",
        "id": 233331547,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1617720670
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>o/</p>",
        "id": 233333079,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1617721213
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Meeting time! <span aria-label=\"wave\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44b\" role=\"img\" title=\"wave\">:wave:</span></p>",
        "id": 233333554,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1617721301
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Are there any interesting issues before the sync on Thursday?</p>",
        "id": 233333905,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1617721339
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think there's some upstream breakage incoming</p>",
        "id": 233334272,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1617721391
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but no</p>",
        "id": 233334310,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1617721395
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't think so and none have been labeled as such</p>",
        "id": 233334333,
        "sender_full_name": "xFrednet",
        "timestamp": 1617721398
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I's like this: <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-clippy/issues/6931\">rust-clippy#6931</a> to get merged before the sync, since it will make the sync very painful.</p>",
        "id": 233334349,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1617721400
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>not related to the sync but there is discussion about uplifting a clippy lint into rustc, I don't think the clippy team was pinged on that one yet?<br>\n<a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/83899\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/83899</a></p>",
        "id": 233335149,
        "sender_full_name": "matthiaskrgr",
        "timestamp": 1617721515
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>2 more  things that kinda fit in \"triage\":</p>\n<ol>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/clippy/issues/1234\">clippy#1234</a> doesn't seem to work anymore and we have to use <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-clippy/issues/1234\">rust-clippy#1234</a> to link things.</li>\n<li><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"217864\">@matthiaskrgr</span> added <code>I-nominated</code> label. If you want to discuss an issue/PR, just label it with that and I'll add it to the agenda.</li>\n</ol>",
        "id": 233335158,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1617721516
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"217864\">matthiaskrgr</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/257328-clippy/topic/Meeting.202021-04-06/near/233335149\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>not related to the sync but there is discussion about uplifting a clippy lint into rustc, I don't think the clippy team was pinged on that one yet?<br>\n<a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/83899\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/83899</a></p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Ah good to know, I'll take a look after the meeting.</p>",
        "id": 233335412,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1617721563
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't have anything else regarding triage <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"261224\">@triagebot</span> end-topic</p>",
        "id": 233335581,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1617721597
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Does anyone have something to add on the current topic?<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"working on it\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f6e0\" role=\"img\" title=\"working on it\">:working_on_it:</span> if you have something to say.<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"all good\" class=\"emoji emoji-2705\" role=\"img\" title=\"all good\">:all_good:</span> if not.</p>",
        "id": 233335587,
        "sender_full_name": "triagebot",
        "timestamp": 1617721598
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm not sure what the usual process about  uplifting is, whether the uplift-pr should also remove the lint from clippy at the same time etc...</p>",
        "id": 233335662,
        "sender_full_name": "matthiaskrgr",
        "timestamp": 1617721611
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yes it should. But we don't have any documentation or tooling to do that. So most of the time someone from Clippy has to provide the patch for deprecating the Clippy lint directly.</p>",
        "id": 233335913,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1617721665
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ok next up: <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"217864\">@matthiaskrgr</span> you nominated the lintcheck tracking issue.</p>",
        "id": 233336237,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1617721736
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yes, I have lintcheck run every 12 hours on ci now, on around ~500-600 crates, logs are pushed into the projects repo</p>",
        "id": 233336437,
        "sender_full_name": "matthiaskrgr",
        "timestamp": 1617721786
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://github.com/matthiaskrgr/clippy-lintcheck\">https://github.com/matthiaskrgr/clippy-lintcheck</a></p>",
        "id": 233336482,
        "sender_full_name": "matthiaskrgr",
        "timestamp": 1617721796
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ah cool. How long does one CI run take?</p>",
        "id": 233336620,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1617721822
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think it was around 40 minutes? let me check...</p>",
        "id": 233336670,
        "sender_full_name": "matthiaskrgr",
        "timestamp": 1617721834
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah, 45-35 minutes</p>",
        "id": 233336772,
        "sender_full_name": "matthiaskrgr",
        "timestamp": 1617721854
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>That's not too bad.</p>",
        "id": 233336911,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1617721891
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"217864\">@matthiaskrgr</span> the process is basically \"let them take the lint, and once it's in, we deprecate ours\"</p>",
        "id": 233336965,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1617721904
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but that's also the sequential mode. We might be able to gain a bit more by using -j2 or so ..</p>",
        "id": 233336998,
        "sender_full_name": "matthiaskrgr",
        "timestamp": 1617721910
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"132040\">@Manish Goregaokar</span>  ah so we'll just deprecate the lint on the corresponding sync then..? cool. :)</p>",
        "id": 233337201,
        "sender_full_name": "matthiaskrgr",
        "timestamp": 1617721952
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Should we move this repo to the rust-lang org so it's a bit more visible and all of the Clippy team can work on it?</p>",
        "id": 233337215,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1617721954
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I prefer to deprecate it in the same PR. Otherwise the sync gets messy.</p>",
        "id": 233337387,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1617721997
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Mmh, I would not want it to eat away rustcs valuable ci time .. <span aria-label=\"sweat smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f605\" role=\"img\" title=\"sweat smile\">:sweat_smile:</span></p>",
        "id": 233337388,
        "sender_full_name": "matthiaskrgr",
        "timestamp": 1617721997
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think once a week should be enough to run it?</p>",
        "id": 233337520,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1617722031
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Also its just one runner I guess?</p>",
        "id": 233337583,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1617722043
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah only one runner, right.</p>",
        "id": 233337652,
        "sender_full_name": "matthiaskrgr",
        "timestamp": 1617722053
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I kinda like running it a lot because it makes bisecting bugs so much easier</p>",
        "id": 233337787,
        "sender_full_name": "matthiaskrgr",
        "timestamp": 1617722085
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I can probably still optimize to run it only if there is a new clippy commit :)</p>",
        "id": 233338020,
        "sender_full_name": "matthiaskrgr",
        "timestamp": 1617722145
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, but someone will have to look at the changed logs. And at least I can't do this more than once a week.</p>",
        "id": 233338156,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1617722167
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Running it on Clippy changes also seems reasonable. But then only once a day?</p>",
        "id": 233338404,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1617722213
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't check every single new message, but I usually glance over it to see if there is something that I find suspicious</p>",
        "id": 233338424,
        "sender_full_name": "matthiaskrgr",
        "timestamp": 1617722216
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, just looked at one of the update commits. With the stats at the end you can figure out pretty easily if something sus is going on.</p>",
        "id": 233338781,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1617722321
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I would like to have this in the rust-lang org anyway. So should we talk to infra if that'd be ok and how often we'd be allowed to run it?</p>",
        "id": 233338901,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1617722367
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"217864\">@matthiaskrgr</span> Do you want to contact infra? You put more time into this, so probably can better argue why running it more often is better.</p>",
        "id": 233339212,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1617722486
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>by contacting infra, I mean open a zulip thread :)</p>",
        "id": 233339271,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1617722508
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span aria-label=\"laughter tears\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f602\" role=\"img\" title=\"laughter tears\">:laughter_tears:</span>  sure, I can ask</p>",
        "id": 233339278,
        "sender_full_name": "matthiaskrgr",
        "timestamp": 1617722509
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah</p>",
        "id": 233339290,
        "sender_full_name": "matthiaskrgr",
        "timestamp": 1617722513
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"217864\">@matthiaskrgr</span> yeah also ask infra beforte you start worrying about CI time</p>",
        "id": 233339308,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1617722520
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>my understanding is that rustc is on its own clock</p>",
        "id": 233339359,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1617722525
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>there's some weird stuff there that i don't understand</p>",
        "id": 233339375,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1617722534
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Perfect. Than that should be all for today <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"261224\">@triagebot</span> end-meeting (except someone else has something of course)</p>",
        "id": 233339431,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1617722556
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Does anyone have something to bring up?<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"working on it\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f6e0\" role=\"img\" title=\"working on it\">:working_on_it:</span> if you have something to say.<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"all good\" class=\"emoji emoji-2705\" role=\"img\" title=\"all good\">:all_good:</span> if you're ready to end the meeting.</p>",
        "id": 233339433,
        "sender_full_name": "triagebot",
        "timestamp": 1617722557
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh right,<br>\n<a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang-ci/\">https://github.com/rust-lang-ci/</a></p>",
        "id": 233339443,
        "sender_full_name": "matthiaskrgr",
        "timestamp": 1617722559
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Do we than want to remove the current <code>lintcheck_crates_logs.txt</code> from the clippy repo and add it to the .gitignore?</p>",
        "id": 233339444,
        "sender_full_name": "xFrednet",
        "timestamp": 1617722559
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, we don't really want those logs in the Clippy repo.</p>",
        "id": 233339525,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1617722592
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Mmh but it makes the diffing so much easier when writing lints <span aria-label=\"sweat smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f605\" role=\"img\" title=\"sweat smile\">:sweat_smile:</span></p>",
        "id": 233339605,
        "sender_full_name": "matthiaskrgr",
        "timestamp": 1617722625
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(before a lint is merged I mean)</p>",
        "id": 233339639,
        "sender_full_name": "matthiaskrgr",
        "timestamp": 1617722635
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yes, but it has caused conflicts  for me in the past <span aria-label=\"sweat smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f605\" role=\"img\" title=\"sweat smile\">:sweat_smile:</span></p>",
        "id": 233339757,
        "sender_full_name": "xFrednet",
        "timestamp": 1617722666
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Mmh, well for rebase you can just remove the log and rerun lintcheck.. :P<br>\nBut yeah if thats the only thing that causes the conflict I agree that that's annoying</p>",
        "id": 233339923,
        "sender_full_name": "matthiaskrgr",
        "timestamp": 1617722712
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Maybe let the lintcheck tool download the previous log or something like that?</p>",
        "id": 233340019,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1617722741
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Oh that's an interesting idea :)</p>",
        "id": 233340128,
        "sender_full_name": "matthiaskrgr",
        "timestamp": 1617722765
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We can discuss this further offline.</p>\n<p>Thanks for attending everyone <span aria-label=\"wave\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44b\" role=\"img\" title=\"wave\">:wave:</span></p>",
        "id": 233340207,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1617722796
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>That would be neat solution :)</p>",
        "id": 233340249,
        "sender_full_name": "xFrednet",
        "timestamp": 1617722812
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>move lintcheck repo to rust org</li>\n<li>remove lintcheck log from clippy repo</li>\n<li>download latest lintcheck log from the lintcheck</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 233340299,
        "sender_full_name": "matthiaskrgr",
        "timestamp": 1617722837
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>And add the log to the <code>.gitignore</code> file</p>",
        "id": 233340380,
        "sender_full_name": "xFrednet",
        "timestamp": 1617722870
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>SGTM. But </p>\n<ol start=\"0\">\n<li>ask infra about CI resources.</li>\n</ol>",
        "id": 233340382,
        "sender_full_name": "flip1995",
        "timestamp": 1617722870
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Woops, missed the meeting <span aria-label=\"sweat smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f605\" role=\"img\" title=\"sweat smile\">:sweat_smile:</span> Just wanted to say that I'm back to working 8 hours/day after a year of reduced time due to corona affecting my employers business. In the meanwhile, my Rust has gotten a bit rusty.. To tackle that I want to try and focus more on writing new lints or features instead of only fixing bugs <span aria-label=\"laughing\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f606\" role=\"img\" title=\"laughing\">:laughing:</span></p>",
        "id": 233344351,
        "sender_full_name": "Phil H",
        "timestamp": 1617724360
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"217864\">matthiaskrgr</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/257328-clippy/topic/Meeting.202021-04-06/near/233335149\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>not related to the sync but there is discussion about uplifting a clippy lint into rustc, I don't think the clippy team was pinged on that one yet?<br>\n<a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/83899\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/83899</a></p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>there's also some discussion about uplifting <code>zero_ptr</code>: <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/83856\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/83856</a></p>",
        "id": 233398665,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1617746975
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>err apparently that lint does something different, never mind</p>",
        "id": 233565273,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1617830454
    }
]