<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>domain working group followup · wg-governance · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/index.html">wg-governance</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain.20working.20group.20followup.html">domain working group followup</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="192583189"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain%20working%20group%20followup/near/192583189" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain.20working.20group.20followup.html#192583189">(Apr 01 2020 at 19:49)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hi all, so in our last meeting I said that I would gather up the feedback that I got from my round of e-mails. You can find that feedback <a href="https://hackmd.io/xsjzAW5-ThulwN9FlaP9NA" title="https://hackmd.io/xsjzAW5-ThulwN9FlaP9NA">in this hackmd document</a>. It's perhaps a bit dated, since some of those things that were discussed have happened, but still interesting.</p>



<a name="192587294"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain%20working%20group%20followup/near/192587294" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain.20working.20group.20followup.html#192587294">(Apr 01 2020 at 20:19)</a>:</h4>
<p>What do you think the next step is? I'm not really drawing any immediate conclusions from the summary.</p>



<a name="192729557"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain%20working%20group%20followup/near/192729557" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain.20working.20group.20followup.html#192729557">(Apr 02 2020 at 21:32)</a>:</h4>
<p>Re: WASM WG Transition &amp; Maintenance</p>
<p>What if there a new group with a different (if not smaller) scope and goals? I don't know if we could transition these projects to other existing teams/group without it resulting in some kind of tension.</p>



<a name="192731500"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain%20working%20group%20followup/near/192731500" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain.20working.20group.20followup.html#192731500">(Apr 02 2020 at 21:50)</a>:</h4>
<p>We should probably reach out them and ask them to try to start thinking about project maintainer successors for any of the projects that they don't want to continue to maintain themselves.</p>



<a name="196103938"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain%20working%20group%20followup/near/196103938" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain.20working.20group.20followup.html#196103938">(May 03 2020 at 13:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hi all, very late (due to some life stuff) here's my proposed draft of a message to the domain wg leads to ask the questions worked out in the last governance  meeting. If this message looks ok, I will send it to the relevant list:                                                                                                                                                                                             Dear domain working group leads,</p>
<p>To better understand your experiences with your working group, the governance committee would appreciate your responses to the following five questions:</p>
<p>1) If you had to start your Working Group over from the beginning, what would you change?<br>
2) What are some notable changes that your group has made to Rust? How do you feel about the process it took to get those changes accepted?<br>
3) How do you feel your group benefits from being part of the Rust organisation?<br>
4) Does your experience of forming a Domain Working Group change how you see the mission of Rust?<br>
5)If relevant, how has your experience with Rust’s Domain Working Groups compared to working in other language domain groups?</p>
<p>Best regards,<br>
Val Grimm, on behalf of the Rust Governance Committee</p>



<a name="196225730"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain%20working%20group%20followup/near/196225730" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain.20working.20group.20followup.html#196225730">(May 04 2020 at 19:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>it looks good to me to except referring to us the "Governance Committee", I feel that it should be "Governance WG". We've only ever really used Working Group as the term for the group. Whether we should still be called that, and whether we should revisit it as a project group is worth talking about, but that's a separate discussion.</p>



<a name="196232677"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain%20working%20group%20followup/near/196232677" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain.20working.20group.20followup.html#196232677">(May 04 2020 at 20:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think we might want to allude to my questions from earlier</p>



<a name="196232706"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain%20working%20group%20followup/near/196232706" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain.20working.20group.20followup.html#196232706">(May 04 2020 at 20:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>otherwise people might be like "didn't we just do this?"</p>



<a name="196232749"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain%20working%20group%20followup/near/196232749" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain.20working.20group.20followup.html#196232749">(May 04 2020 at 20:01)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think saying something like, "Some time ago, Niko wrote to ask various questions. We collected those answers in this hackmd. But we wanted to follow up and get more information", maybe?</p>



<a name="196313604"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain%20working%20group%20followup/near/196313604" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain.20working.20group.20followup.html#196313604">(May 05 2020 at 14:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>Perhaps we should also ask if they still find it useful to be part of the rust org?</p>



<a name="196322173"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain%20working%20group%20followup/near/196322173" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain.20working.20group.20followup.html#196322173">(May 05 2020 at 15:15)</a>:</h4>
<p>That's part of the intent of question 3, isn't it? Maybe we could explicitly add something like "is it still useful to be part of the org?"</p>



<a name="196322656"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain%20working%20group%20followup/near/196322656" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain.20working.20group.20followup.html#196322656">(May 05 2020 at 15:18)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yeah, I think it'd be useful to explicitly ask the question either following 3) or as a subquestion to 3)</p>



<a name="196799572"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain%20working%20group%20followup/near/196799572" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain.20working.20group.20followup.html#196799572">(May 07 2020 at 16:57)</a>:</h4>
<p>thanks for the input folks, I'll revise accordingly</p>



<a name="197068270"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain%20working%20group%20followup/near/197068270" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain.20working.20group.20followup.html#197068270">(May 10 2020 at 17:43)</a>:</h4>
<p>here is the doc to give input on. After I have input, I will send it. Silver lining of the delay is being able to tweak the message this way. <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/14xuyyScwfCZisRMPv_mKr7t5Ys4ToWd-TcqSfoIhV1Y/edit?usp=sharing" title="https://docs.google.com/document/d/14xuyyScwfCZisRMPv_mKr7t5Ys4ToWd-TcqSfoIhV1Y/edit?usp=sharing">https://docs.google.com/document/d/14xuyyScwfCZisRMPv_mKr7t5Ys4ToWd-TcqSfoIhV1Y/edit?usp=sharing</a></p>



<a name="197068932"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain%20working%20group%20followup/near/197068932" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain.20working.20group.20followup.html#197068932">(May 10 2020 at 17:59)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="249394">@Val Grimm</span> That looks good to me, I would just not link to the previous answers, as it could change people's answers. Thank you for this!</p>



<a name="198094817"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain%20working%20group%20followup/near/198094817" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain.20working.20group.20followup.html#198094817">(May 19 2020 at 16:51)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm trying to work on the letter to the applicants now</p>



<a name="198094866"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain%20working%20group%20followup/near/198094866" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain.20working.20group.20followup.html#198094866">(May 19 2020 at 16:51)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm feeling a bit of "uncertainty" about what our plans are for a follow up conversation</p>



<a name="198095975"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain%20working%20group%20followup/near/198095975" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain.20working.20group.20followup.html#198095975">(May 19 2020 at 16:58)</a>:</h4>
<p>Here is a <a href="https://hackmd.io/vDq2bRzTQkeZcix6h_2DRQ">draft letter</a> -- feedback welcome.</p>



<a name="198101271"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain%20working%20group%20followup/near/198101271" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain.20working.20group.20followup.html#198101271">(May 19 2020 at 17:35)</a>:</h4>
<p>Uncertainty regarding which conversation? With the domain wg folks?</p>



<a name="198103379"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain%20working%20group%20followup/near/198103379" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain.20working.20group.20followup.html#198103379">(May 19 2020 at 17:53)</a>:</h4>
<p>I can definitely feel that uncertainty, though I feel it around Working Groups as a whole than just the follow up conversation. We've said that we don't want to continue using the current "framework" for working groups, but I'm not sure we've spent enough time on what we as a org want a working group to be.</p>



<a name="198103598"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain%20working%20group%20followup/near/198103598" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain.20working.20group.20followup.html#198103598">(May 19 2020 at 17:55)</a>:</h4>
<p>Maybe at the meeting this week we could spend some time discussing what a "ideal" working group would look like?</p>



<a name="198108208"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain%20working%20group%20followup/near/198108208" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain.20working.20group.20followup.html#198108208">(May 19 2020 at 18:32)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think what I meant was</p>



<a name="198108224"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain%20working%20group%20followup/near/198108224" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain.20working.20group.20followup.html#198108224">(May 19 2020 at 18:32)</a>:</h4>
<p>it's not like I can say very clearly "we are kicking off a conversation, please take part"</p>



<a name="198108256"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain%20working%20group%20followup/near/198108256" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain.20working.20group.20followup.html#198108256">(May 19 2020 at 18:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>and yes what <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="219696">@XAMPPRocky</span> said is true as well :) there is obviously uncertainty as to what the <em>outcome</em> of the conversation will be</p>



<a name="198109105"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain%20working%20group%20followup/near/198109105" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain.20working.20group.20followup.html#198109105">(May 19 2020 at 18:40)</a>:</h4>
<p>Ah. I think asking for people to attend a gov-wg meeting seems like the right approach, though maybe we should do something like the lang-team design-meetings and have an actual scheduled time for interested parties to come participate in the channel on this topic.</p>



<a name="199144610"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain%20working%20group%20followup/near/199144610" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain.20working.20group.20followup.html#199144610">(May 29 2020 at 12:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>I have received three responses to the survey thus far. Pasted then into a GDoc but I assume too sensitive to turn on link sharing, so email addresses would help for sharing, unless folks actually saw them. One participant indicated the governance address was generating bounce messages.</p>



<a name="199167790"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain%20working%20group%20followup/near/199167790" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain.20working.20group.20followup.html#199167790">(May 29 2020 at 15:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>can you share with my <a href="http://mozilla.com">mozilla.com</a> address?</p>



<a name="199168991"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain%20working%20group%20followup/near/199168991" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain.20working.20group.20followup.html#199168991">(May 29 2020 at 15:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>done</p>



<a name="199173850"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain%20working%20group%20followup/near/199173850" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain.20working.20group.20followup.html#199173850">(May 29 2020 at 15:56)</a>:</h4>
<p>and mine as well? <a href="mailto:nell@mozilla.com">nell@mozilla.com</a></p>



<a name="199173926"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain%20working%20group%20followup/near/199173926" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain.20working.20group.20followup.html#199173926">(May 29 2020 at 15:57)</a>:</h4>
<p><a href="mailto:xampprocky@gmail.com">xampprocky@gmail.com</a> <span aria-label="slight smile" class="emoji emoji-1f642" role="img" title="slight smile">:slight_smile:</span></p>



<a name="199173973"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain%20working%20group%20followup/near/199173973" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain.20working.20group.20followup.html#199173973">(May 29 2020 at 15:57)</a>:</h4>
<p><a href="mailto:batmanaod@gmail.com">batmanaod@gmail.com</a></p>



<a name="199174189"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain%20working%20group%20followup/near/199174189" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/domain.20working.20group.20followup.html#199174189">(May 29 2020 at 15:59)</a>:</h4>
<p>thnaks!</p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Aug 07 2021 at 22:04 UTC</p>
</html>