<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>meeting 2020-02-27 · wg-governance · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/index.html">wg-governance</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html">meeting 2020-02-27</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="189237902"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189237902" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189237902">(Feb 27 2020 at 17:57)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hi Folks, Have created a thread for the meeting today.</p>



<a name="189238075"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189238075" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189238075">(Feb 27 2020 at 17:59)</a>:</h4>
<p>I renamed it to include the year :)</p>



<a name="189238099"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189238099" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189238099">(Feb 27 2020 at 17:59)</a>:</h4>
<p>and match a bit more what we tend to do in other streams</p>



<a name="189238155"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189238155" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189238155">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>I guess we should make a <code>@WG-Governance</code> Zulip user group ..</p>



<a name="189238227"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189238227" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189238227">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>?</p>



<a name="189238237"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189238237" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189238237">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>Meeting! (cc <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="120076">@BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="215333">@Florian Gilcher</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="225192">@Nell Shamrell-Harrington</span></p>



<a name="189238291"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189238291" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189238291">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:01)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116009">@nikomatsakis</span> Is that a feature zulip has? I was just wishing we had something like that. <span aria-label="sweat smile" class="emoji emoji-1f605" role="img" title="sweat smile">:sweat_smile:</span></p>



<a name="189238303"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189238303" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189238303">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:01)</a>:</h4>
<p>yes, Zulip has this feature.</p>



<a name="189238318"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189238318" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189238318">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:01)</a>:</h4>
<p>the only problem is that we don't sync the rust-lang/team repo with zulip user groups automatically</p>



<a name="189238322"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189238322" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189238322">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:01)</a>:</h4>
<p>annoying</p>



<a name="189238332"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189238332" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189238332">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:01)</a>:</h4>
<p>Greetings!</p>



<a name="189238336"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189238336" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189238336">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:01)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'll create a wg-governance user group, in any case</p>



<a name="189238399"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189238399" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189238399">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>For discussion during today's meeting <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/wg-governance/pull/42" target="_blank" title="https://github.com/rust-lang/wg-governance/pull/42">https://github.com/rust-lang/wg-governance/pull/42</a></p>



<a name="189238403"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189238403" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189238403">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>ps another convention we follow in other groups is to add a <span aria-label="wave" class="emoji emoji-1f44b" role="img" title="wave">:wave:</span> emoji to the "Meeting!" message</p>



<a name="189238411"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189238411" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189238411">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>to show who is present</p>



<a name="189238437"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189238437" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189238437">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:02)</a>:</h4>
<p><span aria-label="wave" class="emoji emoji-1f44b" role="img" title="wave">:wave:</span></p>



<a name="189238464"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189238464" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189238464">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>Not talk to the hand but talk WITH the hand :)</p>



<a name="189238505"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189238505" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189238505">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>Er...shall I go ahead and start?</p>



<a name="189238541"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189238541" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189238541">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>Put together a pre-RFC for the GitHub access policy</p>



<a name="189238556"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189238556" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189238556">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:03)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="2317">@WG-governance</span> now exists, you all should be able to add people too, if I overlooked anyone</p>



<a name="189238619"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189238619" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189238619">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>Oh also cc <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="121055">@Pietro Albini</span> who said they wanted to attend.</p>



<a name="189238627"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189238627" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189238627">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>Got some good feedback from <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="120076">@BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)</span> and <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="219696">@XAMPPRocky</span></p>



<a name="189238638"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189238638" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189238638">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>Did anyone else have any thoughts on it?</p>



<a name="189238657"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189238657" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189238657">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>And are you required to have all the sections in the RFC template when formally submitting the RFC?</p>



<a name="189238672"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189238672" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189238672">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:04)</a>:</h4>
<p><span aria-label="wave" class="emoji emoji-1f44b" role="img" title="wave">:wave:</span></p>



<a name="189238689"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189238689" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189238689">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>It looks good to me but I'm new at this game.</p>



<a name="189238706"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189238706" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189238706">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>New at the game is an immensely important perspective to have :)</p>



<a name="189238716"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189238716" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189238716">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>I don't _think_ all sections are always required...</p>



<a name="189238756"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189238756" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189238756">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>But people resistant to structure might want to see the Drawbacks (: That said</p>



<a name="189238765"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189238765" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189238765">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>I don't really see structure as a drawback (;</p>



<a name="189238782"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189238782" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189238782">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>One question I have is does this need to be an RFC, or could it be a PR to the forge documentation? Like is there anything that requires a decision? From what I can tell it's how we do things for the most part.</p>



<a name="189238831"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189238831" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189238831">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:06)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think that section was already filled out? It's the "prior art" section that still has template text</p>



<a name="189238833"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189238833" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189238833">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:06)</a>:</h4>
<p>That is a good question.</p>



<a name="189238838"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189238838" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189238838">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:06)</a>:</h4>
<p>(or had, when I looked)</p>



<a name="189238877"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189238877" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189238877">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:06)</a>:</h4>
<p>It has a drawbacks section currently</p>



<a name="189238883"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189238883" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189238883">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:06)</a>:</h4>
<p>The Drawbacks are there, what I meant was, I think you can leave that out</p>



<a name="189238884"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189238884" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189238884">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:06)</a>:</h4>
<p>left a comment</p>



<a name="189238885"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189238885" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189238885">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:06)</a>:</h4>
<p>RFCs have the benefit of visibility/transparency/discoverability. I generally tend to err in favor of that</p>



<a name="189238891"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189238891" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189238891">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:06)</a>:</h4>
<p>You were asking if we needed all of the standard pieces</p>



<a name="189238904"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189238904" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189238904">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>And yeah, probably politically speaking an RFC might be best</p>



<a name="189238906"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189238906" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189238906">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>for getting buyin</p>



<a name="189238910"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189238910" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189238910">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>calming the waters something</p>



<a name="189238916"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189238916" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189238916">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>Cool</p>



<a name="189238935"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189238935" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189238935">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>I personally would like to see us using RFCs more, and just merging them faster than we do</p>



<a name="189238990"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189238990" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189238990">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>but I think there's value in there being a central place where "medium or large decisions" go through</p>



<a name="189239023"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189239023" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189239023">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>(though it can be a fine line to draw)</p>



<a name="189239037"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189239037" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189239037">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>I don't really anticipate much pushback on this particular topic</p>



<a name="189239059"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189239059" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189239059">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:08)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116009">@nikomatsakis</span> I see your suggestion in the PR, I will get that incorporated</p>



<a name="189239101"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189239101" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189239101">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>one that is complete - does anyone see any reason I should delay formally submitting this RFC?</p>



<a name="189239114"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189239114" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189239114">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:09)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116009">@nikomatsakis</span> Sure, what is that decision in this case?</p>



<a name="189239153"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189239153" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189239153">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>seems like most of us were inclined to RFC :) might as well go that way, I think</p>



<a name="189239165"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189239165" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189239165">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>if nothing else it advertises a bit the work of the governance WG</p>



<a name="189239167"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189239167" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189239167">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>So, for my part: aye</p>



<a name="189239171"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189239171" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189239171">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>can do!</p>



<a name="189239179"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189239179" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189239179">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>"voice vote"?</p>



<a name="189239248"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189239248" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189239248">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>er...yes?</p>



<a name="189239259"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189239259" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189239259">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>aye as in, yes file the RFC (;</p>



<a name="189239260"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189239260" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189239260">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>I don't have a strong opinion, an RFC is fine.</p>



<a name="189239272"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189239272" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189239272">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>oh I thought that was decided, apologies</p>



<a name="189239291"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189239291" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189239291">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok, great</p>



<a name="189239309"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189239309" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189239309">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>not sure what's the rest of our agenda :)</p>



<a name="189239310"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189239310" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189239310">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>Cool - will move forward with the RFC</p>



<a name="189239318"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189239318" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189239318">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>yes the other two items are</p>



<a name="189239335"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189239335" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189239335">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:11)</a>:</h4>
<blockquote>
<ol start="3">
<li>Pre-RFC process - determine right place to talk about this</li>
<li>Follow-up on moving (community, devtools, nursery) to rust-lang</li>
</ol>
</blockquote>



<a name="189239336"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189239336" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189239336">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:11)</a>:</h4>
<hr>



<a name="189239342"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189239342" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189239342">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>ack</p>



<a name="189239344"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189239344" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189239344">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>yes</p>



<a name="189239357"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189239357" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189239357">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>I managed to only paste the line</p>



<a name="189239442"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189239442" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189239442">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>I believe the "Pre-RFC process" item is <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116009">@nikomatsakis</span></p>



<a name="189239506"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189239506" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189239506">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yes, that's true :)</p>



<a name="189239541"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189239541" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189239541">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>For context, I was thinking of <a href="http://smallcultfollowing.com/babysteps/blog/2019/12/03/aic-improving-the-pre-rfc-process/" target="_blank" title="http://smallcultfollowing.com/babysteps/blog/2019/12/03/aic-improving-the-pre-rfc-process/">the proposal I wrote up here</a></p>



<a name="189239579"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189239579" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189239579">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>[ugh sorry I don't feel well enough to attend -- I'll check the pre-rfc soonish]</p>



<a name="189239624"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189239624" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189239624">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>Feel better, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="121055">@Pietro Albini</span>!</p>



<a name="189239658"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189239658" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189239658">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>But I think the larger question is sort of how to coordinate a proposal like this -- it's kind of lang team, kind of governance, but I think it'd be useful if we were able to help teams in updating their procedures</p>



<a name="189239673"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189239673" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189239673">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>truth is I've not had time to think about this <em>at all</em></p>



<a name="189239711"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189239711" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189239711">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:15)</a>:</h4>
<p>when I posted the blog post there was a certain amount of feedback</p>



<a name="189239744"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189239744" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189239744">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:15)</a>:</h4>
<p>(in an internals thread)</p>



<a name="189239759"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189239759" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189239759">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:15)</a>:</h4>
<p>Do you want to push this to next meeting?</p>



<a name="189239772"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189239772" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189239772">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:15)</a>:</h4>
<p>If you're not ready? Or do you think we can still usefully discuss here?</p>



<a name="189239773"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189239773" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189239773">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:15)</a>:</h4>
<p>I was just going to say something like that</p>



<a name="189239836"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189239836" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189239836">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'd be happy to discuss it a bit async too -- either thoughts on the proposal itself or what the best wa is to pursue it</p>



<a name="189239847"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189239847" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189239847">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>maybe I'll make a zulip topic on it</p>



<a name="189239870"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189239870" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189239870">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>So, that leaves Follow-up on moving (community, devtools, nursery) to rust-lang</p>



<a name="189239872"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189239872" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189239872">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>Do you think you could summarize your sense of the general "trend" of the feedback, at least? That would give the rest of us something to mentally "chew on" in the interim</p>



<a name="189239880"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189239880" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189239880">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>oh ack sorry</p>



<a name="189239890"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189239890" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189239890">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>no problem!</p>



<a name="189239953"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189239953" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189239953">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>There's a small bit of follow on moving repos to rust-lang</p>



<a name="189239955"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189239955" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189239955">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:17)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="120076">BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27/near/189239872" title="#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27/near/189239872">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>Do you think you could summarize your sense of the general "trend" of the feedback, at least? That would give the rest of us something to mentally "chew on" in the interim</p>
</blockquote>
<p>I don't remember that well, I'll skim the internals thread</p>



<a name="189240001"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189240001" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189240001">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:18)</a>:</h4>
<p>I don't recall there being strong negative feedback in particular</p>



<a name="189240011"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189240011" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189240011">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:18)</a>:</h4>
<p>Okay, sounds good. Let's move on, then.</p>



<a name="189240042"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189240042" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189240042">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:18)</a>:</h4>
<p>(By the internals thread, do you mean the ongoing AiC thread that gets updates when you post new entries?)</p>



<a name="189240146"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189240146" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189240146">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:19)</a>:</h4>
<p>We found another org by the community team (<code>rust-unofficial</code>). I would recommend reading the minutes, but TL;DR maybe we'll move <code>too-many-lists</code> as it's a valuable resource and the org is now actually "unofficial". <a href="https://github.com/rust-community/team/issues/278" target="_blank" title="https://github.com/rust-community/team/issues/278">https://github.com/rust-community/team/issues/278</a></p>



<a name="189240220"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189240220" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189240220">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok</p>



<a name="189240259"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189240259" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189240259">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>seems fine</p>



<a name="189240327"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189240327" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189240327">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:21)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="120076">BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27/near/189240042" title="#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27/near/189240042">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>(By the internals thread, do you mean the ongoing AiC thread that gets updates when you post new entries?)</p>
</blockquote>
<p>yes, specifically <a href="https://internals.rust-lang.org/t/aic-adventures-in-consensus/9843/20?u=nikomatsakis" target="_blank" title="https://internals.rust-lang.org/t/aic-adventures-in-consensus/9843/20?u=nikomatsakis">starting from this post</a></p>



<a name="189240397"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189240397" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189240397">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:21)</a>:</h4>
<p>Already linked in the other thread :D</p>



<a name="189240515"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189240515" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189240515">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>So I think we have discussed everything on the list, I have one topic to talk about but it can be async, is there anything else anyone wants to bring up?</p>



<a name="189240627"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189240627" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189240627">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:23)</a>:</h4>
<p>Why is <code>too-many-lists</code> a candidate for "official" maintenance under <code>rust-lang</code>?</p>



<a name="189240700"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189240700" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189240700">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:24)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="120076">@BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)</span> It's a useful resource written by an ex docs team member.</p>



<a name="189240814"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189240814" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189240814">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>The useful-resource part doesn't seem pertinent to where it should live, to me...</p>



<a name="189240876"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189240876" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189240876">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>The only other two notable repos is <code>patterns</code> and <code>rust-awesome</code>, which <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="132040">@Manish Goregaokar</span> said they would not want to be in <code>rust-lang</code> since they could seem like blessing some patterns or crates.</p>



<a name="189240877"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189240877" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189240877">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>e.g. Manish mentions in that thread that awesome-rust is specifically not a candidate for "official" status. But surely that's considered a useful resource as well?</p>



<a name="189240984"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189240984" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189240984">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>Is the idea that <code>too-many-lists</code> is something that we want to consider a somewhat "official" intro to the language, a la the Book?</p>



<a name="189241032"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189241032" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189241032">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:27)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="120076">@BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)</span> Yes, but it's a list of third party crates and that list being under rust-lang could be seen as blessed crates, at least that is my understanding of the concern.</p>



<a name="189241091"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189241091" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189241091">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:27)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="120076">@BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)</span> Something being under <code>rust-lang</code> isn't really official.</p>



<a name="189241099"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189241099" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189241099">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>I can certainly see that concern</p>



<a name="189241161"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189241161" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189241161">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:28)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="219696">XAMPPRocky</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27/near/189241091" title="#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27/near/189241091">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="120076">BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)</span> Something being under <code>rust-lang</code> isn't really official.</p>
</blockquote>
<p>Well now I am doubly confused!</p>



<a name="189241193"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189241193" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189241193">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>What does official mean in this context?</p>



<a name="189241199"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189241199" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189241199">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>Won't everything under <code>rust-lang</code> be subject to the new (proposed) permissions rules?</p>



<a name="189241208"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189241208" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189241208">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:29)</a>:</h4>
<p>That is at least one level of infrastructure-enforced "officialness"</p>



<a name="189241246"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189241246" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189241246">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:29)</a>:</h4>
<p>That is correct</p>



<a name="189241269"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189241269" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189241269">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:29)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think the point is that merely having the repo in rust-lang doesn't mean we have to put it on a prominent place in the web page etc</p>



<a name="189241313"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189241313" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189241313">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:30)</a>:</h4>
<p>Or promise to maintain it.</p>



<a name="189241359"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189241359" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189241359">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:30)</a>:</h4>
<p>And one other type of "officialness", the one we're concerned about for awesome-Rust, is the perception thereof, i.e., things under <code>rust-lang</code> might be perceived as "blessed" in some way (so much so that for awesome-Rust, the blessing is transitively applied to the crates listed)</p>



<a name="189241387"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189241387" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189241387">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:30)</a>:</h4>
<p>but it is a piece of "community team managed" content (right?), whereas the "awesome rust" list is not -- although many people who manage it are in the community team :)</p>
<p>at least, that is the signal I see being sent</p>



<a name="189241399"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189241399" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189241399">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:31)</a>:</h4>
<p>We can specify that somewhere - that something being in the rust-lang org does not guarantee that it is maintained and supported</p>



<a name="189241431"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189241431" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189241431">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:31)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="225192">@Nell Shamrell-Harrington</span> We can document that on forge. <a href="https://forge.rust-lang.org/github.html" target="_blank" title="https://forge.rust-lang.org/github.html">https://forge.rust-lang.org/github.html</a></p>



<a name="189241442"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189241442" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189241442">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:31)</a>:</h4>
<p>It sounds like there needs to be a way to talk about the status of different repos, on forge indeed could work</p>



<a name="189241455"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189241455" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189241455">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:32)</a>:</h4>
<p>I guess what I'm trying to say is, I can see why putting <code>too-many-lists</code> under <code>rust-lang</code> doesn't have the same drawbacks as migrating the other two projects, but I don't really understand what advantage(s) we'd be getting by migrating <code>too-many-lists</code>.</p>



<a name="189241485"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189241485" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189241485">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:32)</a>:</h4>
<p>explicitly clarifying stuff without guessing what is official and what is blessed</p>



<a name="189241511"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189241511" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189241511">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:32)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'll draft something up for the forge</p>



<a name="189241609"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189241609" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189241609">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:32)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="120076">@BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)</span> The concern around <code>awesome-rust</code> is that even with the caveat of things being not official it can still give the impression that they are in some way blessed.</p>



<a name="189241707"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189241707" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189241707">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>So, this is where explicit explanation would help (:</p>



<a name="189241710"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189241710" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189241710">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>Right. I understand <code>too-many-lists</code> doesn't have _that_ drawback. But is there a benefit to moving it?</p>



<a name="189241728"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189241728" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189241728">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:33)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="120076">@BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)</span> Well right now <code>rust-unofficial</code> has no public members. So moving to <code>rust-lang</code> makes sure that we can still keep it alive.</p>



<a name="189241740"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189241740" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189241740">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>i'm at a tc39 thing: but too-many-lists was written by a former docs team member, and is generally considered a useful piece of documentation</p>



<a name="189241745"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189241745" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189241745">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:33)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="219696">@XAMPPRocky</span> it has many members fwiw</p>



<a name="189241816"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189241816" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189241816">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:34)</a>:</h4>
<p>why not move things and explain what kings of things can live in lang?</p>



<a name="189241834"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189241834" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189241834">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:34)</a>:</h4>
<p>to avoid the imprecise tags of official and blessed</p>



<a name="189241848"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189241848" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189241848">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:34)</a>:</h4>
<p>that sounds reasonable to me</p>



<a name="189241870"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189241870" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189241870">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:34)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="132040">@Manish Goregaokar</span> By "documentation" do you mean that we want to consider it to be something like the Book, i.e., a resource endorsed and maintained by the Rust project itself?</p>



<a name="189241871"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189241871" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189241871">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:34)</a>:</h4>
<p>So is that what you are writing for forge?</p>



<a name="189241878"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189241878" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189241878">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:34)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="120076">BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27/near/189241710" title="#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27/near/189241710">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>Right. I understand <code>too-many-lists</code> doesn't have _that_ drawback. But is there a benefit to moving it?</p>
</blockquote>
<p>it can have rust-lang teams as its owners, it's easier to find</p>



<a name="189241914"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189241914" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189241914">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:35)</a>:</h4>
<p>That was generally the rationale I think for the cleanup, easier management as well as getting rid of dead bits?</p>



<a name="189241916"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189241916" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189241916">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:35)</a>:</h4>
<p>I was planning on adding something along the lines of "A repo being in the Rust org does not guarantee that it is maintained"</p>



<a name="189241919"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189241919" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189241919">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:35)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="249394">Val Grimm</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27/near/189241816" title="#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27/near/189241816">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>why not move things and explain what kings of things can live in lang?</p>
</blockquote>
<p>this simple thing sounds like it might be hard to do :)</p>



<a name="189241924"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189241924" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189241924">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:35)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="120076">@BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)</span> not necessarily.</p>



<a name="189241932"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189241932" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189241932">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:35)</a>:</h4>
<p>I mean, what are the sorts of things that live in lang?</p>



<a name="189241953"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189241953" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189241953">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:35)</a>:</h4>
<p>And yes, it is hard to explain, but thats our job, right? (;</p>



<a name="189241959"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189241959" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189241959">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:35)</a>:</h4>
<p>(to be clear, by "lang" you mean the <code>rust-lang</code> github org, right?)</p>



<a name="189241963"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189241963" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189241963">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:35)</a>:</h4>
<p>We could put together some guidlines around what should be in rust-lang....though it does mean we need to figure that out</p>



<a name="189241967"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189241967" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189241967">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:35)</a>:</h4>
<p>ack yes</p>



<a name="189241972"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189241972" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189241972">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:36)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="120076">@BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)</span> the way <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="219696">@XAMPPRocky</span> brought it up in the first place was that she said that we should be moving everything into rust-lang, regardless of how officially maintained it is</p>



<a name="189241975"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189241975" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189241975">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>mainly I'm saying -- we're 5 minutes over time</p>



<a name="189242005"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189242005" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189242005">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>and yes</p>



<a name="189242018"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189242018" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189242018">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>oops</p>



<a name="189242019"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189242019" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189242019">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>and I suspect we won't find that so easy to define</p>



<a name="189242031"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189242031" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189242031">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>so we should maybe split it out and table for now :)</p>



<a name="189242032"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189242032" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189242032">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>can we add it to agenda for next time?</p>



<a name="189242051"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189242051" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189242051">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>Sounds good</p>



<a name="189242054"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189242054" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189242054">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>that agenda would also include the pre-RFC process</p>



<a name="189242074"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189242074" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189242074">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>_within that framework_, too-many-lists makes sense to be in rust-lang, because it was handed over to the community team by a docs team member ages ago, and there aren't any concerns about looking official</p>



<a name="189242084"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189242084" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189242084">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>Okay, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116009">@nikomatsakis</span> Would you be okay making the pre-rfc process the focus of the next meeting?</p>



<a name="189242123"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189242123" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189242123">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:37)</a>:</h4>
<p>not sure :)</p>



<a name="189242124"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189242124" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189242124">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:37)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="132040">@Manish Goregaokar</span> Thanks, I was missing that context. So the original idea was essentially to delete <code>rust-unofficial</code> entirely, b/c everything in it would be migrated?</p>



<a name="189242261"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189242261" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189242261">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:37)</a>:</h4>
<p>Okay, let's decide async.</p>



<a name="189242263"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189242263" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189242263">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:37)</a>:</h4>
<p>Ok, so I propose the discussion about why things are being moved go to async</p>



<a name="189242265"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189242265" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189242265">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:37)</a>:</h4>
<p>and decide on agenda async</p>



<a name="189242266"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189242266" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189242266">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:37)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="120076">@BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)</span> yes</p>



<a name="189242269"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189242269" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189242269">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:37)</a>:</h4>
<p>Thanks everyone! <span aria-label="wave" class="emoji emoji-1f44b" role="img" title="wave">:wave:</span></p>



<a name="189242281"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189242281" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189242281">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:37)</a>:</h4>
<p>take care folks</p>



<a name="189242288"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189242288" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189242288">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:38)</a>:</h4>
<p><span aria-label="wave" class="emoji emoji-1f44b" role="img" title="wave">:wave:</span></p>



<a name="189242349"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189242349" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189242349">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:38)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="120076">@BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)</span> community team came to the decision that we should merge the parts that can be merged (too-many-lists) and spli the rest out as its own non-team-affiliated project</p>



<a name="189242365"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189242365" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189242365">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:38)</a>:</h4>
<p>I can do the official minutes and blog post, if nobody else wants to (:</p>



<a name="189242404"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/189242404" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#189242404">(Feb 27 2020 at 18:38)</a>:</h4>
<p>I propose the rest of the conversation about mergin stuff go to a new thread <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="120076">@BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="132040">@Manish Goregaokar</span></p>



<a name="190105535"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/190105535" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#190105535">(Mar 09 2020 at 19:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>Due to various Real Life Stuff (nothing major, just busy) was slow to create official minutes. Did so today, also created blog post. Updated agenda for next meeting further. here is pull request for blog post. <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/blog.rust-lang.org/pull/538" target="_blank" title="https://github.com/rust-lang/blog.rust-lang.org/pull/538">https://github.com/rust-lang/blog.rust-lang.org/pull/538</a> Minutes are already live <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/wg-governance/blob/master/minutes/2020.02.27" target="_blank" title="https://github.com/rust-lang/wg-governance/blob/master/minutes/2020.02.27">https://github.com/rust-lang/wg-governance/blob/master/minutes/2020.02.27</a></p>



<a name="190105602"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/190105602" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#190105602">(Mar 09 2020 at 19:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>Thank you <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="249394">@Val Grimm</span> !</p>



<a name="190105918"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/190105918" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#190105918">(Mar 09 2020 at 19:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>Planning to report async conversations in minutes from closest meeting in time. All conversations already had here reported in the 27 Feb minutes batch.</p>



<a name="190205302"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting%202020-02-27/near/190205302" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-02-27.html#190205302">(Mar 10 2020 at 18:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>wrote something in wrong thread please disregard</p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 20:01 UTC</p>
</html>