<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>Meeting-2020-04-23 · wg-governance · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/index.html">wg-governance</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html">Meeting-2020-04-23</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="195090574"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195090574" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195090574">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>Good morning everyone</p>



<a name="195090592"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195090592" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195090592">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hello everyone,</p>
<p>It's the for the governance meeting! React/Reply with <span aria-label="wave" class="emoji emoji-1f44b" role="img" title="wave">:wave:</span> to indicate your attendance. Todays agenda can found in the <a href="https://hackmd.io/ATj1rZJaRimaIfIWfAOYfQ" title="https://hackmd.io/ATj1rZJaRimaIfIWfAOYfQ">hackmd</a>, and I've also pasted it below.</p>
<ul>
<li>Project Group RFC </li>
<li>Pre-RFC RFC</li>
<li>Domain WG Retrospective</li>
</ul>



<a name="195090775"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195090775" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195090775">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>cc <span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="2317">@WG-governance</span></p>



<a name="195090848"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195090848" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195090848">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:02)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="249394">@Val Grimm</span> is on her way</p>



<a name="195090909"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195090909" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195090909">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>Cool, while we wait I'll start with a status update on the project group rfc.</p>



<a name="195090950"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195090950" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195090950">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>(hi)</p>



<a name="195091040"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195091040" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195091040">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>The RFC is now in FCP, so it should be merged by the next meeting. <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/pull/2856" title="https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/pull/2856">https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/pull/2856</a></p>



<a name="195091142"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195091142" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195091142">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>That's all.</p>



<a name="195091218"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195091218" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195091218">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>If no one has anything else to mention on that topic I think we can move on to <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="225192">@Nell Shamrell-Harrington</span> and the Pre-RFC RFC.</p>



<a name="195091279"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195091279" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195091279">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:06)</a>:</h4>
<p>I do not have any updates on that today</p>



<a name="195091294"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195091294" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195091294">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:06)</a>:</h4>
<p>(got pulled into other things over the past two weeks)</p>



<a name="195091339"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195091339" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195091339">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:06)</a>:</h4>
<p>That's fine, that leaves the domain WG retrospective.</p>



<a name="195091399"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195091399" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195091399">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>Niko got some feedback from the WGs that was in this document. <a href="https://hackmd.io/xsjzAW5-ThulwN9FlaP9NA" title="https://hackmd.io/xsjzAW5-ThulwN9FlaP9NA">https://hackmd.io/xsjzAW5-ThulwN9FlaP9NA</a></p>



<a name="195091493"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195091493" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195091493">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:07)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="116009">nikomatsakis</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-04-09/near/193486766" title="#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-04-09/near/193486766">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>We discussed it very briefly in the core team meeting, I think the logic next step is probably trying to write-up the notes from before, and maybe have a conversation about what people are really <em>looking for</em> when they think about forming a domain WG</p>
</blockquote>



<a name="195091606"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195091606" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195091606">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>which notes from before,</p>



<a name="195091612"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195091612" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195091612">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>?</p>



<a name="195091630"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195091630" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195091630">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:08)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="249394">@Val Grimm</span> The hackmd I linked above.</p>



<a name="195091648"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195091648" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195091648">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>qh ok</p>



<a name="195091777"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195091777" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195091777">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>I guess, is anyone interested on working on turning this into a post?</p>



<a name="195091834"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195091834" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195091834">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>ah ok</p>



<a name="195091840"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195091840" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195091840">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>sure</p>



<a name="195091857"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195091857" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195091857">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>I thought we were supposed to discuss here first</p>



<a name="195091887"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195091887" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195091887">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>its sort of spaghetti and inconclusive but I can do something</p>



<a name="195091893"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195091893" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195091893">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>something</p>



<a name="195091909"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195091909" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195091909">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>sorry on an azerty and out of practice</p>



<a name="195091941"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195091941" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195091941">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yeah, I'm not actually sure that the notes are "actionable" as such.</p>



<a name="195091951"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195091951" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195091951">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>ditto</p>



<a name="195091967"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195091967" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195091967">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>There was an intersting conversation last time about the idea of what domain working groups are for</p>



<a name="195091992"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195091992" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195091992">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>Right - I think we need to have one or more fairly concrete ideas about that before writing a blog post</p>



<a name="195091999"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195091999" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195091999">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>if they start as project groups</p>



<a name="195092004"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195092004" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195092004">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>or going public in any other way</p>



<a name="195092020"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195092020" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195092020">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>yes</p>



<a name="195092082"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195092082" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195092082">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>or if they are scouting parties to see what is relevant like embedded?</p>



<a name="195092125"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195092125" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195092125">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think some of the comments there that I find most insightful/helpful are:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>the working group isn’t really an effective place to push [wasm] forward anymore</p>
<p>bureaucratic overhead associated with WG</p>
</blockquote>



<a name="195092258"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195092258" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195092258">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:14)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="120076">@BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)</span> To be clear those two comments are from two different groups.</p>



<a name="195092265"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195092265" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195092265">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>I guess my current "take" is: domain-specific Rust efforts benefit from having some organizational structure, but there doesn't seem to be much benefit in having that structure be a part of the overall Rust project structure</p>



<a name="195092298"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195092298" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195092298">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yeah, sorry, I completely decontextualized them</p>



<a name="195092327"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195092327" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195092327">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>so how is a connection maintained, things kept coherent?</p>



<a name="195092336"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195092336" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195092336">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>or is that a core tenet?</p>



<a name="195092356"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195092356" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195092356">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:15)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm not sure it is. At least, I don't see why it needs to be.</p>



<a name="195092376"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195092376" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195092376">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:15)</a>:</h4>
<p>The game dev one has an interesting point: paying for domain names</p>



<a name="195092392"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195092392" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195092392">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:15)</a>:</h4>
<p>That's something Rust could in theory support, if it had formal funding for such things</p>



<a name="195092416"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195092416" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195092416">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:15)</a>:</h4>
<p>But since it doesn't yet, it's not clear that's an immediate advantage (of connecting domain groups to the Rust project) for anybody</p>



<a name="195092494"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195092494" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195092494">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>thing is,  are there benefits in cross pollination between embedded and other domains and core lang?</p>



<a name="195092515"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195092515" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195092515">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>Does the language evolve from their input?</p>



<a name="195092575"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195092575" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195092575">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>I would say yes.</p>



<a name="195092582"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195092582" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195092582">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>Looks like WASM at least came up with some things that could be adopted by the Rust project:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>Have to decide how to distribute the repos</p>
<p>some of them could move to rust-lang<br>
  notably wasm-bindgen, wasm-pack, and the Rust + WASM book</p>
</blockquote>



<a name="195092630"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195092630" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195092630">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>so if the language evolves from their input</p>



<a name="195092642"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195092642" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195092642">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>I also think there are few action items from the notes.</p>



<a name="195092665"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195092665" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195092665">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:17)</a>:</h4>
<blockquote>
<p>How to manage optics? Will this be read as “divestment”?<br>
fitzgen writes: “I think Wasm is still a big opportunity for Rust, both on the Web and elsewhere with WASI, it’s just that the working group isn’t really an effective place to push that forward anymore. So how do we gracefully end this particular working group without making it look like “Rust gives up on Wasm” or something like that?”</p>
</blockquote>



<a name="195092674"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195092674" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195092674">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>An idea I had when we last discussed this was that domain groups could act as sources for "spinning up" project-groups, where a project group is a focused effort to investigate/develop one or more RFCs for Rust.</p>



<a name="195092800"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195092800" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195092800">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:18)</a>:</h4>
<p>so it seems like there are at least two concerns here</p>



<a name="195092836"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195092836" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195092836">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:19)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think how do we handle announcing that a group is spinning down without coming across as putting a value on the technology is an interesting challenge.</p>



<a name="195092873"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195092873" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195092873">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:19)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="219696">@XAMPPRocky</span> I think that particular action item can only be resolved by the broader discussion about how domain work should relate to the Rust project in general.</p>



<a name="195092978"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195092978" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195092978">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>Is that not the topic though?</p>



<a name="195093034"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195093034" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195093034">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>It is! That's what I mean. I don't see the spinning-down announcement as an immediately-actionable thing.</p>



<a name="195093065"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195093065" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195093065">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>yes. although re WASM it seems like the big picture decisions shouldnt be determined by the decision about the involvement of a handful of people with the specific WASM project</p>



<a name="195093086"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195093086" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195093086">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>which imo needs its own response</p>



<a name="195093091"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195093091" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195093091">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>thing is</p>



<a name="195093104"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195093104" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195093104">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think that "how do we 'spin' this" will fall naturally out of a satisfying answer to "how does Rust support domain work".</p>



<a name="195093230"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195093230" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195093230">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>So, does it matter to articulate why domain groups exist and their lifecycle, as for projects?</p>



<a name="195093312"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195093312" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195093312">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>and then of course there's the buyin phase, but it could send a message about the value of domain work in the vision of Rust?</p>



<a name="195093429"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195093429" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195093429">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:23)</a>:</h4>
<p>and also looking at embedded, a sync mechanism</p>



<a name="195093431"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195093431" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195093431">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:23)</a>:</h4>
<p>I believe we discussed some of the original motivations here for context. <a href="#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-03-26/near/191920670" title="#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-03-26/near/191920670">https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-03-26/near/191920670</a></p>



<a name="195093654"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195093654" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195093654">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>(mistyped here, disregqrd)</p>



<a name="195093686"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195093686" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195093686">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:25)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="249394">Val Grimm</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195093230" title="#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195093230">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>So, does it matter to articulate why domain groups exist and their lifecycle, as for projects?</p>
</blockquote>
<p>I don't have a definite answer to this, but my inclination is - no: domain groups should have their own organizational structure, lifecycle, etc.</p>



<a name="195093938"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195093938" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195093938">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:27)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok, so the reason we'rfe discussing this is that there is an issue. looking at the notes it seems to be a comm disconnect between domain and core?</p>



<a name="195093969"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195093969" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195093969">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:27)</a>:</h4>
<p>going particularly on embedded</p>



<a name="195094011"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195094011" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195094011">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:27)</a>:</h4>
<p>what concrete problems are wze trying to solve?</p>



<a name="195094063"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195094063" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195094063">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>what will look different after we  solve this?</p>



<a name="195094084"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195094084" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195094084">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>Well I think we should maybe be a bit tighter than that. I think we should have some kind of "recommended" structure and life-cycle. To give people a structure and foundation to build off. I feel like some problems arise from everything being bespoke. Of course if someone wants to work differently that's not a problem, but I feel that most people want some kind framework to work in.</p>



<a name="195094096"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195094096" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195094096">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yes!</p>



<a name="195094115"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195094115" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195094115">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>it's always good to at least have a sample structure people can work from</p>



<a name="195094124"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195094124" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195094124">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>Recommend-but-not-require seems a good model</p>



<a name="195094136"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195094136" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195094136">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>if they wish to do something different, they are welcome to, but this means they have a place to start</p>



<a name="195094148"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195094148" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195094148">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>so a domain wg rfc then</p>



<a name="195094153"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195094153" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195094153">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>?</p>



<a name="195094270"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195094270" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195094270">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:29)</a>:</h4>
<p>My (limited) perception is that the proximate, visible issue is that domain groups have some "official" status, but kind of seem to be "languishing", and it's unclear to all involved (?) how exactly they relate to the core Rust teams.</p>



<a name="195094364"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195094364" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195094364">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:30)</a>:</h4>
<p>well, whats a concrete example of a domain groups work evolving core Rust?</p>



<a name="195094383"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195094383" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195094383">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:30)</a>:</h4>
<p>this can be a jumping off point to think about this</p>



<a name="195094426"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195094426" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195094426">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:31)</a>:</h4>
<p>or the relationship could manifest in other ways</p>



<a name="195094455"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195094455" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195094455">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:31)</a>:</h4>
<p>how it looks when it is working vs languishing</p>



<a name="195094467"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195094467" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195094467">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:31)</a>:</h4>
<p>or would look</p>



<a name="195094497"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195094497" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195094497">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:31)</a>:</h4>
<p>having examples to refer to would be quite helpful</p>



<a name="195094627"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195094627" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195094627">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>Well it's hard to link to but I believe the entire WASM/emscripten compiler targets came as a result of the domain WG work.</p>



<a name="195094678"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195094678" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195094678">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok, and what was the mechanism by which they came in?</p>



<a name="195094727"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195094727" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195094727">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>that would be a great example to include in the RFC</p>



<a name="195094861"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195094861" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195094861">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:34)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="249394">Val Grimm</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195094678" title="#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195094678">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>ok, and what was the mechanism by which they came in?</p>
</blockquote>
<p>Pull requests as those changes don't require RFCs.</p>



<a name="195094871"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195094871" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195094871">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:35)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm not actually sure who was involved in any of these efforts, except for Nick &amp; Alex being mentioned in the "WASM" section of those hackmd notes</p>



<a name="195094925"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195094925" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195094925">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:35)</a>:</h4>
<p>so were the people working on the WASM/emscripten targets all also core folks at that time?</p>



<a name="195094980"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195094980" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195094980">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>or were some of them only active in the domain group?</p>



<a name="195095004"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195095004" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195095004">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>There was definitely more people involved.</p>



<a name="195095123"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195095123" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195095123">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:37)</a>:</h4>
<p>As a quick time check we have ~20 minutes left, does anyone have anything else that they would like to bring up before we continue?</p>



<a name="195095163"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195095163" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195095163">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:37)</a>:</h4>
<p>I have one thing but it can be discussed next time</p>



<a name="195095227"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195095227" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195095227">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:38)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="249394">@Val Grimm</span> well now I'm curious :)</p>



<a name="195095364"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195095364" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195095364">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>On the dev-platform-request list on March 22 there was a question about the accuracy of this list of Rust components in Firefox.  <a href="https://wiki.mozilla.org/Oxidation#Rust_Components" title="https://wiki.mozilla.org/Oxidation#Rust_Components">https://wiki.mozilla.org/Oxidation#Rust_Components</a>.</p>



<a name="195095436"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195095436" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195095436">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:40)</a>:</h4>
<p>We also have the question from the other day about re-opening the turbfish discussion in a "careful" way</p>



<a name="195095443"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195095443" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195095443">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:40)</a>:</h4>
<p>yes!</p>



<a name="195095464"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195095464" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195095464">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:40)</a>:</h4>
<p>(scare quotes b/c we don't know what that would entail yet, not b/c we won't actually be careful)</p>



<a name="195095518"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195095518" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195095518">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:41)</a>:</h4>
<p>on turbofish - I feel like opening a new RFC with the summary of the discussion from the previous one would be a good place to start</p>



<a name="195095550"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195095550" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195095550">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:41)</a>:</h4>
<p>That seems like a step in the right direction, but I don't see how it would prevent the thread from devolving again pretty quickly...</p>



<a name="195095556"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195095556" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195095556">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:41)</a>:</h4>
<p>Okay, well let's try to get the action items for the domain WG retrospective. One is to follow up with the "Secure Code WG" as they are the only group with missing feedback.</p>



<a name="195095596"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195095596" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195095596">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:41)</a>:</h4>
<p>I mean, I didn't even participate in the original discussion and I have the impulse to go in and argue about it!</p>



<a name="195095598"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195095598" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195095598">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:42)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="120076">@BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)</span> it's worth trying</p>



<a name="195095656"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195095656" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195095656">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:42)</a>:</h4>
<p>unless someone has a different idea</p>



<a name="195095771"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195095771" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195095771">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:43)</a>:</h4>
<p>I can follow up on those action items <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="219696">@XAMPPRocky</span> although Ill need some help likely. thing is, I need to understand what the purpose of the feedback is, just to see how the domain wgs feel about being domain wgs?</p>



<a name="195095816"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195095816" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195095816">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:43)</a>:</h4>
<p>To be honest I think we should maybe try to reach out to any or all the groups again. Enough time has past and enough has happened that maybe there is probably more to reflect on.</p>



<a name="195095885"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195095885" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195095885">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:44)</a>:</h4>
<p>I feel like we need to first have a clear sense of what we are trying to accomplish</p>



<a name="195095919"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195095919" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195095919">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:44)</a>:</h4>
<p>It sounds like another action item is "gather some concrete examples of domain groups directly interacting w/ the Rust project, e.g. by submitting PRs to Rust"</p>



<a name="195095968"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195095968" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195095968">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:44)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="249394">@Val Grimm</span> Sure, we can think through what those questions should be.</p>



<a name="195096015"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195096015" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195096015">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:45)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm going to start a draft one sec</p>



<a name="195096021"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195096021" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195096021">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:45)</a>:</h4>
<p>Maybe a good question to pose to them would be "what would you miss if you were 'cut off' from the project and became a community group"</p>



<a name="195096056"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195096056" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195096056">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:45)</a>:</h4>
<p>So, the purpose of a domain group could be to bring insights back to core?</p>



<a name="195096071"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195096071" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195096071">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:45)</a>:</h4>
<p><a href="https://hackmd.io/@XAMPPRocky/SylHELkYL" title="https://hackmd.io/@XAMPPRocky/SylHELkYL">https://hackmd.io/@XAMPPRocky/SylHELkYL</a></p>



<a name="195096133"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195096133" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195096133">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:46)</a>:</h4>
<p>because it shouldn tjust be about what the domain group individuams want but about the big picture, why there are domain wgs</p>



<a name="195096150"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195096150" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195096150">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:46)</a>:</h4>
<p>what purpose they can serve</p>



<a name="195096274"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195096274" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195096274">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:47)</a>:</h4>
<p>(willbe slow getting into hqckmd as my laptop dying means resetting all passwords atm as no pwd mgr again yet)</p>



<a name="195096301"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195096301" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195096301">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:47)</a>:</h4>
<p>I mentioned in the previous discussion that one benefit is visibility to outsiders; domain groups implicitly answer these questions:</p>
<ul>
<li>In which domains does Rust have a vested interest in building up the ecosystem and generally "succeeding" via adoption?</li>
<li>If I wanted to do some work in a domain using Rust, is there an existing community I can go to for support? If I wanted to propose changes to Rust to aid with this work, is there an existing channel?</li>
</ul>



<a name="195096738"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195096738" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195096738">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:51)</a>:</h4>
<p>sounds good</p>



<a name="195096854"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195096854" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195096854">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:52)</a>:</h4>
<p>Okay, we have ten minutes left. For the agenda of the next meeting, I'd like to continue the work on domain WGs and <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="225192">@Nell Shamrell-Harrington</span> would you want to have an update on the Pre-RFC RFC or should we defer it?</p>



<a name="195096894"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195096894" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195096894">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:53)</a>:</h4>
<p>let's defer</p>



<a name="195097078"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195097078" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195097078">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:54)</a>:</h4>
<p>Okay, the three questions we have so far is</p>
<blockquote>
<ul>
<li>What are some notable changes that your group has made to Rust?<ul>
<li>How do you feel about the process it took to get those changes accepted?</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>How do you feel your group benefits from being part of the Rust organisation?</li>
</ul>
</blockquote>



<a name="195097163"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195097163" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195097163">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:55)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think those are probably sufficient. They're clear and they get at the core of the issue.</p>



<a name="195097206"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195097206" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195097206">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:55)</a>:</h4>
<p>Plus we probably don't want to send people a survey that will take up too much time!</p>



<a name="195097233"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195097233" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195097233">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:55)</a>:</h4>
<p>Id want to add one more</p>



<a name="195097245"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195097245" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195097245">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:55)</a>:</h4>
<p>not sure how to phrase</p>



<a name="195097416"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195097416" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195097416">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:56)</a>:</h4>
<p>want ask for their experience if any of how other languages integrate cross-domain work in the core language</p>



<a name="195097455"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195097455" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195097455">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:57)</a>:</h4>
<p>there was an example about C in that regard recently . . .</p>



<a name="195097537"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195097537" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195097537">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:57)</a>:</h4>
<p>something backwards compatibility something. send after the meeting, were almost out of time.</p>



<a name="195097640"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195097640" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195097640">(Apr 23 2020 at 17:58)</a>:</h4>
<p>and my C example is not perfect, but this problem isnt unique to Rust</p>



<a name="195097879"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195097879" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195097879">(Apr 23 2020 at 18:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>Okay, that's our time. Thanks everyone! <span aria-label="wave" class="emoji emoji-1f44b" role="img" title="wave">:wave:</span></p>



<a name="195097884"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195097884" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195097884">(Apr 23 2020 at 18:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>thank you!</p>



<a name="195097898"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195097898" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195097898">(Apr 23 2020 at 18:00)</a>:</h4>
<p><span aria-label="wave" class="emoji emoji-1f44b" role="img" title="wave">:wave:</span></p>



<a name="195097946"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23/near/195097946" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting-2020-04-23.html#195097946">(Apr 23 2020 at 18:01)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="249394">@Val Grimm</span> Does this fit the spirit of your question?</p>
<blockquote>
<ul>
<li>If relevant, how has your experience with Rust's Working Group's compared to working in other language domain groups?</li>
</ul>
</blockquote>



<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 20:01 UTC</p>
</html>