<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>Meeting 2020-07-09 · wg-governance · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/index.html">wg-governance</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html">Meeting 2020-07-09</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="203408715"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203408715" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203408715">(Jul 09 2020 at 16:31)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hey so we have our meeting today -- I'd be curious if as part of that meeting we could take a bit of stock of the things we've been working on and their status. I was talking a bit with <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116014">@ag_dubs</span> about the functioning of the group and how we might sharpen it and help us get overall traction, and it seemed like taking stock of where we're at would be a good first step. I at least feel a bit lost about it.</p>



<a name="203411647"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203411647" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203411647">(Jul 09 2020 at 16:54)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm sorry, I've had some unexpected interruptions today and will probably not be able to participate in the meeting</p>



<a name="203412099"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203412099" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203412099">(Jul 09 2020 at 16:58)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hello everyone, It's time for the bi-weekly <span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="2317">@WG-governance</span>  meeting! (React with <span aria-label="wave" class="emoji emoji-1f44b" role="img" title="wave">:wave:</span> to show attendance.) Today's agenda is as mentioned above by Niko, reviewing the current status of the Working Group.</p>



<a name="203412219"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203412219" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203412219">(Jul 09 2020 at 16:59)</a>:</h4>
<p>I forget how we do it, is there a hackmd or something for taking notes?</p>



<a name="203412309"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203412309" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203412309">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>We have an agenda hackmd. <a href="https://hackmd.io/ATj1rZJaRimaIfIWfAOYfQ">https://hackmd.io/ATj1rZJaRimaIfIWfAOYfQ</a></p>



<a name="203412363"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203412363" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203412363">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>Definitely relatively limited attendance this week</p>



<a name="203412425"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203412425" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203412425">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:01)</a>:</h4>
<p>So yeah I was thinking that I would kind of like to narrow back on what are the things we're actively working on</p>



<a name="203412587"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203412587" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203412587">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>For example, we have a number of issues on the repository, and I remember us doing some work on some of those</p>



<a name="203412594"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203412594" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203412594">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>And some of them are assigned :)</p>



<a name="203412626"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203412626" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203412626">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think the most recent thing we've been working on has been the org taxonomy. <a href="https://hackmd.io/KHGL4YVPRU6QaEKoorBhrQ">https://hackmd.io/KHGL4YVPRU6QaEKoorBhrQ</a></p>



<a name="203412684"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203412684" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203412684">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yeah, which doesn't exactly have an issue, unless it falls under "Domain working groups"</p>



<a name="203412700"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203412700" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203412700">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>which is sort of does</p>



<a name="203412733"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203412733" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203412733">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yeah, though probably would be good to have a new issue.</p>



<a name="203412851"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203412851" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203412851">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>Can we say in a word what our "goal" is with that work?</p>



<a name="203412895"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203412895" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203412895">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>A RFC(s)</p>



<a name="203412900"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203412900" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203412900">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think it is something like "to settle on a limited set of concepts that cover the sorts of official groups within the Rust org and their responsibitilies"?</p>



<a name="203412927"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203412927" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203412927">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>works for me</p>



<a name="203412945"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203412945" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203412945">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>and probably the follow-up of "describing the existing teams etc in that structure"?</p>



<a name="203412947"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203412947" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203412947">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>we could also say  "to clarify" rather than "to settle", but I am good either way</p>



<a name="203413053"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203413053" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203413053">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:06)</a>:</h4>
<p>maybe "to define" ?</p>



<a name="203413131"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203413131" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203413131">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>I like "to define"</p>



<a name="203413242"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203413242" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203413242">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm typing in the <a href="https://hackmd.io/ATj1rZJaRimaIfIWfAOYfQ?edit">agenda hackmd</a> btw</p>



<a name="203413318"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203413318" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203413318">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>OK, I think another effort has been the Github access policy</p>



<a name="203413376"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203413376" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203413376">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>which in turn is connected to "codifying" groups into the team repository, so that we can use them as the basis for access rights etc, right?</p>



<a name="203413377"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203413377" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203413377">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>that is true</p>



<a name="203413386"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203413386" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203413386">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>yes indeed</p>



<a name="203413451"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203413451" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203413451">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>that one has mainly been held up by questions of whether GitHub will add feature that make the RFC unnecessary</p>



<a name="203413476"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203413476" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203413476">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>but it did help us codify groups into the team repository, as you said</p>



<a name="203413508"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203413508" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203413508">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>I don't remember exactly what was in the RFC</p>



<a name="203413516"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203413516" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203413516">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>but it seems unlikely it would become <em>fully unnecessary</em></p>



<a name="203413523"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203413523" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203413523">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>agreed</p>



<a name="203413546"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203413546" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203413546">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>we definitely need the codification that is there</p>



<a name="203413549"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203413549" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203413549">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>in particular I think the idea of trying to ensure that repositories belong to <em>some</em> group of folks</p>



<a name="203413568"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203413568" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203413568">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:11)</a>:</h4>
<p><a href="https://github.com/nellshamrell/rfcs/blob/add-github-access-policy-rfc/text/0000-github-access-policy.md">https://github.com/nellshamrell/rfcs/blob/add-github-access-policy-rfc/text/0000-github-access-policy.md</a></p>



<a name="203413597"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203413597" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203413597">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>but parts of the RFC may be made unnecessary - anyway, it's out of the scope of this meeting - but I think that is something we should push through even if GitHub later adds features that make parts of it unnecessary</p>



<a name="203413613"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203413613" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203413613">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'll talk with <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="121055">@Pietro Albini</span> about it</p>



<a name="203413615"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203413615" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203413615">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>PR Thread: <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/pull/2872">https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/pull/2872</a></p>



<a name="203413699"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203413699" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203413699">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>It looks like that RFC could be FCP'ed. Everyone seems to be in consensus.</p>



<a name="203413714"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203413714" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203413714">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>I would be happy to land it as is</p>



<a name="203413720"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203413720" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203413720">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>and revise if/when GitHub releases new features</p>



<a name="203413727"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203413727" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203413727">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok - that is fine by me</p>



<a name="203413775"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203413775" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203413775">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>so we should add a separate goal I think of "reflect group structure in the team repo"?</p>



<a name="203413781"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203413781" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203413781">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>i.e., in terms of high-level bullets</p>



<a name="203413807"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203413807" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203413807">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>I feel like <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="219696">@XAMPPRocky</span> this is partly what the Rust By Example question stems from, right?</p>



<a name="203413925"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203413925" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203413925">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>In particular I also feel like there was some big list of repositories</p>



<a name="203413935"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203413935" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203413935">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>that we had to work our way through</p>



<a name="203413939"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203413939" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203413939">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yeah, I would say the goal is something "having an accurate representation of the current membership in the Rust structure".</p>



<a name="203413943"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203413943" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203413943">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>and I think we kind of stalled out on that</p>



<a name="203413969"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203413969" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203413969">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>(that is maybe a separate goal though)</p>



<a name="203413989"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203413989" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203413989">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:15)</a>:</h4>
<p>(I'd kinda wait to land that RFC)</p>



<a name="203414065"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203414065" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203414065">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:16)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116009">@nikomatsakis</span> That has been moving just very slowly. This most accurate list now is just the list on the nursery page. <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang-nursery">https://github.com/rust-lang-nursery</a></p>



<a name="203414110"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203414110" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203414110">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>OK, I don't have a strong opinion. I'd be curious to hear more about just what might change (I think we discussed it once) but I appreciate you probably can't talk about it publicly</p>



<a name="203414121"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203414121" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203414121">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:16)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="219696">@XAMPPRocky</span> so maybe a goal there was "deprecate rust-lang-nursery"</p>



<a name="203414240"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203414240" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203414240">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>similarly I think we had a definite goal of "figure out what to do with the domain working groups"</p>



<a name="203414249"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203414249" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203414249">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>that feels like part of "org taxonomy" but also kind of distinct?</p>



<a name="203414394"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203414394" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203414394">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:18)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think domain working groups kinda got mixed with figuring out the org's structure.</p>



<a name="203414488"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203414488" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203414488">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:19)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think it's distinct in there's an action item to close the existing applications for domain working group.</p>



<a name="203414565"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203414565" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203414565">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:20)</a>:</h4>
<p><span aria-label="angel" class="emoji emoji-1f47c" role="img" title="angel">:angel:</span> I know I was supposed to do that</p>



<a name="203414573"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203414573" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203414573">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>had that on my to-do list for a minute</p>



<a name="203414600"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203414600" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203414600">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>it seems distinct to me though in that</p>



<a name="203414613"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203414613" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203414613">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>well it's basically just a really important sub-bullet somehow</p>



<a name="203414619"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203414619" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203414619">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>maybe that's all :)</p>



<a name="203414793"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203414793" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203414793">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>OK, are there other active goals...</p>



<a name="203414815"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203414815" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203414815">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>I have a minor one, I'm not sure how much it's part of this group, but this group seems like a decent home for it :)</p>



<a name="203414859"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203414859" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203414859">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:22)</a>:</h4>
<p><a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/wg-governance/issues/38">https://github.com/rust-lang/wg-governance/issues/38</a></p>



<a name="203414863"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203414863" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203414863">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>basically removing the idea of "pre-FCP"</p>



<a name="203414873"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203414873" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203414873">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think this is essentially just waiting on a PR ;)</p>



<a name="203414888"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203414888" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203414888">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:23)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm fine with that</p>



<a name="203414892"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203414892" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203414892">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:23)</a>:</h4>
<p>it fits into a kind of 'meta goal' of revisiting the RFC process and staged development</p>



<a name="203414909"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203414909" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203414909">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:23)</a>:</h4>
<p>Would we consider project groups "in flight"?</p>



<a name="203414939"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203414939" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203414939">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:23)</a>:</h4>
<p>(side note that I think there is clear evidence of confusion between the compiler-team and lang-team MCP procedures, and I'm interested in trying to "consolidate" them into one repository)</p>



<a name="203415034"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203415034" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203415034">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:24)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="219696">XAMPPRocky</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09/near/203414909">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>Would we consider project groups "in flight"?</p>
</blockquote>
<p>a good question, I think they're kind of bundled in with this idea of staged development, right?</p>



<a name="203415046"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203415046" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203415046">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:24)</a>:</h4>
<p>but also kind of distinct I suppose</p>



<a name="203415117"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203415117" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203415117">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yeah, and I would like to do a retro or two with some groups but I feel that's mostly landed to continue the metaphor.</p>



<a name="203415235"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203415235" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203415235">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm trying to decide here then</p>



<a name="203415251"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203415251" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203415251">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>one separate thing I wouldn't mind listing is what we see as our accomplishments thus far :)</p>



<a name="203415267"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203415267" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203415267">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>but anyway I think we can make a bullet for project-groups</p>



<a name="203415276"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203415276" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203415276">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm kind of seeing a skill-tree in the making here :)</p>



<a name="203415292"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203415292" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203415292">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>you were asking <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="219696">@XAMPPRocky</span> what we might do to improve the repository btw --</p>



<a name="203415303"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203415303" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203415303">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:27)</a>:</h4>
<p>Heh - one accomplishment - my work with this team played a big part in getting me a job at Mozilla :)</p>



<a name="203415317"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203415317" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203415317">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:27)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think it'd be great if these "active goals" were reflecte don our README.md, for example, or very easily found, with updates as to their status</p>



<a name="203415330"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203415330" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203415330">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:27)</a>:</h4>
<p>maybe using a project board with one column per goal might work too</p>



<a name="203415360"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203415360" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203415360">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:27)</a>:</h4>
<p>not sure that's quite the sort of accomplishment I had in mind ;)</p>



<a name="203415373"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203415373" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203415373">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:27)</a>:</h4>
<p>I actually think we've done a lot of things, it's just nice to write them out</p>



<a name="203415421"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203415421" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203415421">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>Sure I'm open to trying out a project board, that's pretty easy to maintain.</p>



<a name="203415459"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203415459" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203415459">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:28)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="219696">@XAMPPRocky</span> I think btw we never <em>quite</em> finished the project group work</p>



<a name="203415460"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203415460" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203415460">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>Ehm, I think there's a lot of little things.</p>



<a name="203415490"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203415490" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203415490">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>in particular, I think that for it to be fully complete, I'd want to see the team repo updated so that I can write <code>liaison = [...]</code></p>



<a name="203415500"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203415500" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203415500">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:29)</a>:</h4>
<p>and webpage etc</p>



<a name="203415552"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203415552" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203415552">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:29)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'll make an issue for those after this meeting <span aria-label="slight smile" class="emoji emoji-1f642" role="img" title="slight smile">:slight_smile:</span></p>



<a name="203415661"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203415661" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203415661">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:30)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm in support for getting rid of the prefcp</p>



<a name="203416316"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203416316" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203416316">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>OK, it seems like we're approaching a complete list in the hackmd of ongoing activites etc?</p>



<a name="203416593"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203416593" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203416593">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm pondering what to do with the remaining time -- one thing I was thinking about was discussing a bit about how to push some of these items forward. I'm wondering in particular about interactions with teams.</p>



<a name="203416597"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203416597" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203416597">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>looks like it</p>



<a name="203416609"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203416609" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203416609">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>One other thing that I remember early on having in mind</p>



<a name="203416616"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203416616" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203416616">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>and I'm not sure how mcuh we've done</p>



<a name="203416624"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203416624" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203416624">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>we probably should have a policy of updating issues when they're discussed</p>



<a name="203416630"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203416630" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203416630">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>is helping to codify policy where it was absent</p>



<a name="203416637"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203416637" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203416637">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:40)</a>:</h4>
<p>I guess we have but mostly around org taxonomy etc</p>



<a name="203416683"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203416683" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203416683">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:40)</a>:</h4>
<p>yeah</p>



<a name="203416700"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203416700" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203416700">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:40)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm thinking about how in the compiler team we're wrestling with things like the Tier RFC</p>



<a name="203416714"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203416714" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203416714">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:40)</a>:</h4>
<p>also: one thing that we _were_ working on but kinda stopped was researching other governance structures to improve our own</p>



<a name="203416721"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203416721" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203416721">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:40)</a>:</h4>
<p>we gotta trick <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="239881">@Josh Triplett</span> into joining this group :)</p>



<a name="203416772"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203416772" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203416772">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:41)</a>:</h4>
<p>I guess I feel a bit like I would like more support for things like "deciding what should be the policy to add a new tier"</p>



<a name="203416812"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203416812" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203416812">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:41)</a>:</h4>
<p>or <a href="https://forge.rust-lang.org/compiler/new_option.html">the policy to add a new compiler option to the compiler</a></p>



<a name="203416816"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203416816" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203416816">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:41)</a>:</h4>
<p>like, I wrote that up</p>



<a name="203416844"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203416844" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203416844">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:41)</a>:</h4>
<p>... but I'm not 100% sure of what's in there, and I would've loved to have somebody else helping to survey the people who might have an opinion and see it through ...</p>



<a name="203416848"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203416848" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203416848">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:42)</a>:</h4>
<p>just thinking out loud :)</p>



<a name="203416896"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203416896" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203416896">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:42)</a>:</h4>
<p>(that said, I think we also need to <em>focus</em> on one thing at a time, so i'm not trying to create new tasks)</p>



<a name="203417150"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203417150" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203417150">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:44)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="219696">@XAMPPRocky</span> in terms of the "fit things into the team repository" work, I guess that "update to accomodate removal of docs team" is kind of a sub-bullet there, right?</p>



<a name="203417209"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203417209" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203417209">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:45)</a>:</h4>
<p>(ps, side note, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="132040">@Manish Goregaokar</span> in the lang-team meeting about path to membership we discussed a lot your idea of facilitators; we never quite landed on the right way to incorporate that as an official concept, but I'm warming to it...)</p>



<a name="203417262"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203417262" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203417262">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:45)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116009">@nikomatsakis</span> I would maybe like to expand that to "create a process around creating and archiving <em>teams</em>", as I think it's all related.</p>



<a name="203417277"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203417277" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203417277">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:46)</a>:</h4>
<p>expand what exactly?</p>



<a name="203417330"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203417330" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203417330">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:46)</a>:</h4>
<p>one thing about creating teams that came to mind, related to the lang team membership process --</p>



<a name="203417354"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203417354" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203417354">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:46)</a>:</h4>
<p><em>"update to accomodate removal of docs team"</em></p>



<a name="203417361"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203417361" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203417361">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:46)</a>:</h4>
<p>and related to tiers, in a weird way --</p>



<a name="203417386"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203417386" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203417386">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:46)</a>:</h4>
<p>ideally I think we wouldn't "create a team" as the first step, but reather, we'd more like "bless a team that already exists and is doing well"</p>



<a name="203417426"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203417426" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203417426">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:47)</a>:</h4>
<p>in other words, thinking a bit about the terms we were using for path to membership, the idea was, can we open up all the activities a team member does, so that people can be doing them</p>



<a name="203417454"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203417454" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203417454">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:47)</a>:</h4>
<p>and then we help guide people to doing them and, if it's going well, then we recognize that with membership</p>



<a name="203417515"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203417515" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203417515">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:48)</a>:</h4>
<p>similarly, it seems like it'd be nice if we had a kind of set of 'things' a team should be doing, and we could kind of say "well, if there's a group of people pursuing this goal; having regular meetings; maintaining structure; etc"... anyway.</p>



<a name="203417544"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203417544" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203417544">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:48)</a>:</h4>
<p>(that would be necessary, I imagine, but not sufficient)</p>



<a name="203417579"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203417579" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203417579">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:48)</a>:</h4>
<p>Maybe creation was bad choice of words, but if I understand you correctly and reading the taxonomy doc a new top-level team would be made from a pre-existing productive sub-team?</p>



<a name="203417628"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203417628" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203417628">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:49)</a>:</h4>
<p>it depends on which taxonomy doc we use</p>



<a name="203417637"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203417637" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203417637">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:49)</a>:</h4>
<p>but basically I just mean that the question would be like:</p>



<a name="203417672"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203417672" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203417672">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:49)</a>:</h4>
<p>actually I think this fits a bit better the notion of organizing by "activity"</p>



<a name="203417713"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203417713" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203417713">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:50)</a>:</h4>
<p>i.e., maybe you say "I want us to be better about X", so I'll start by making a "notification group" for X</p>



<a name="203417753"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203417753" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203417753">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:50)</a>:</h4>
<p>then from there maybe I run some weekly meetings and develop a skill tree and roadmap,</p>



<a name="203417777"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203417777" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203417777">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:50)</a>:</h4>
<p>once I've done that and it's working ok, we say "ok, that's a project group" -- i.e., we recognize the structure that exists</p>



<a name="203417873"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203417873" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203417873">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:51)</a>:</h4>
<p>then the group can start to make decisions internally (like the embedded group does) and so forth, and be doing that productively for a while, and it's like "ok, that's a team" -- maybe those decisions have to be ratified by a parent team in the beginning, but they're basically presented with "here is what we thought and why"</p>



<a name="203417938"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203417938" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203417938">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:52)</a>:</h4>
<p>basically we have some set of things that distinguish each level from the next, and you can kind of build up those things, and then we recognize that they're built</p>



<a name="203417979"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203417979" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203417979">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:52)</a>:</h4>
<p>but I do think we want a bit of a "is this a thing we even want to do" before you get started ;)</p>



<a name="203417999"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203417999" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203417999">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:52)</a>:</h4>
<p>it's a bit tricky, it comes back to the question of "once we make a zulip stream, things look awfully official", perhaps...</p>



<a name="203418006"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203418006" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203418006">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:52)</a>:</h4>
<p>anyway, I digress a bit</p>



<a name="203418080"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203418080" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203418080">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:53)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="219696">XAMPPRocky</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09/near/203417354">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p><em>"update to accomodate removal of docs team"</em></p>
</blockquote>
<p>are you seeing this as its own bullet?</p>



<a name="203418209"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203418209" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203418209">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:54)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hmm, I'm not sure to be honest.</p>



<a name="203418411"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203418411" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203418411">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:56)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think it falls under "Reflect group structure in the team repository", but it just highlights that a big part of that work</p>



<a name="203418426"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203418426" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203418426">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:56)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yeah I agree.</p>



<a name="203418438"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203418438" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203418438">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:56)</a>:</h4>
<p>is figuring out what things out to be when they're kind of unclear</p>



<a name="203418457"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203418457" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203418457">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:56)</a>:</h4>
<p>kind of like "remove rust-lang-nursery" or "apply an access policy"</p>



<a name="203418507"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203418507" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203418507">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:57)</a>:</h4>
<p>speaking of which, well, I guess we're at the end of the meeting, but I'm happy to discuss the best way for us to move forward on unblocking that further</p>



<a name="203418513"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203418513" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203418513">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:57)</a>:</h4>
<p>Oh I missed that it was an inncomplete sentence, but I agree with your point anyway. <span aria-label="slight smile" class="emoji emoji-1f642" role="img" title="slight smile">:slight_smile:</span></p>



<a name="203418536"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203418536" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203418536">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:57)</a>:</h4>
<p>I can never tell how often to press Ctrl-Return</p>



<a name="203418593"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203418593" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203418593">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:57)</a>:</h4>
<p>obviously I tend to favor "more rather than less" :)</p>



<a name="203418605"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203418605" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203418605">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:58)</a>:</h4>
<p>Well what do people feel we should discuss at the next meeting before we close?</p>



<a name="203418682"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203418682" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203418682">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:58)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm pondering :)</p>



<a name="203418766"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203418766" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203418766">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:59)</a>:</h4>
<p>I guess I think I'd be interested to continue our discussion of org taxonomy as a preliminary topic, subject to some possible revision. I might try to prepare before then a sketch of what an "activity-based taxonomy" might look like.</p>



<a name="203418771"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203418771" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203418771">(Jul 09 2020 at 17:59)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think I would like to continue with the taxonomy work if there's nothing else pressing, it touches a lot of areas.</p>



<a name="203418895"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203418895" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203418895">(Jul 09 2020 at 18:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>(that said, in the interim, I'm also interested in working to revise the repo to reflect and call out these priorities -- I also think this is a pretty big list, so it'd be nice if we could kind of have an issue for each one with assignee and sort of see that we're really making progess.)</p>



<a name="203418897"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203418897" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203418897">(Jul 09 2020 at 18:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>Okay well , that concludes the meeting for today! Thank you everyone for attending, stay safe!</p>



<a name="203418914"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203418914" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203418914">(Jul 09 2020 at 18:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>(but I think that should be done out of band.)</p>



<a name="203419013"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203419013" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203419013">(Jul 09 2020 at 18:01)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yes, I was thinking about what about taking the time rewrite parts of the charter as while the high level goals might still be similar the content has meaningfully changed.</p>



<a name="203419232"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203419232" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203419232">(Jul 09 2020 at 18:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'll at least start off by making the project board we discussed with all of the topics from hackmd today.</p>



<a name="203420174"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203420174" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Triplett <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203420174">(Jul 09 2020 at 18:11)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116009">@nikomatsakis</span> I would love to participate; the timing is kinda bad for me and it keeps conflicting with things, so I find myself not seeing the meetings until after they've happened.</p>



<a name="203424587"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203424587" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203424587">(Jul 09 2020 at 18:52)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116009">@nikomatsakis</span> good to hear! i'm happy to discuss it more if y'all want</p>



<a name="203451812"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting%202020-07-09/near/203451812" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09.html#203451812">(Jul 09 2020 at 22:49)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="116009">nikomatsakis</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09/near/203418914">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>(but I think that should be done out of band.)</p>
</blockquote>
<p>Are there out-of-band tasks I can help with? The "C unwind" RFC seems like it's in a reasonably good place right now</p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Aug 07 2021 at 22:04 UTC</p>
</html>