<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>pre-rfc (outside meetings) · wg-governance · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/index.html">wg-governance</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html">pre-rfc (outside meetings)</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="191916241"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/191916241" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#191916241">(Mar 26 2020 at 16:58)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="116009">nikomatsakis</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-03-12/near/190419092" title="#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-03-12/near/190419092">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>I'd probably add the informal (or maybe formal) rule that when selecting a liaison, you look at all the other projects that they are involved in (across all teams) and judge if they really have capacity. My hunch is people should do at most 2 or 3 things at a time -- and only 1 of them should be a "group". </p>
<p>(Note: I know because I violate this rule quite fragrantly :P)</p>
</blockquote>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116009">@nikomatsakis</span> Will it be obvious from looking at some particularly GitHub search/view in rust-lang and (separately) other related repos what projects someone is involved in across all teams? If not, is this something to fix?</p>



<a name="191916969"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/191916969" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#191916969">(Mar 26 2020 at 17:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>If nothing else, it could probably be done by searching <code>rust-lang/team</code>.</p>



<a name="191917112"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/191917112" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#191917112">(Mar 26 2020 at 17:04)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="249394">@Val Grimm</span> it won't be, but if we do this right, I'd like to see that information collected and available</p>



<a name="191917243"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/191917243" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#191917243">(Mar 26 2020 at 17:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>What would be the best way to proceed? I can think of several but am aware I lack context?  Also a response can wait as this is not on the agenda for the meeting today.</p>



<a name="191917426"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/191917426" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#191917426">(Mar 26 2020 at 17:06)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think at some point <code>rust-lang/team</code> can be updated to have a "shepherd" field for project groups. Not sure how much work that will be.</p>



<a name="191918706"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/191918706" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#191918706">(Mar 26 2020 at 17:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>that'd be easy enough, though there was also discussion of renaming "shepherd" to "lead"</p>



<a name="191918717"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/191918717" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#191918717">(Mar 26 2020 at 17:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>personally I sort of prefer shepherd</p>



<a name="191918726"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/191918726" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#191918726">(Mar 26 2020 at 17:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>but I'm not sure if there's a real difference</p>



<a name="191918935"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/191918935" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#191918935">(Mar 26 2020 at 17:18)</a>:</h4>
<p>Ack, I was thinking of the missing "liaison" field.</p>



<a name="191919039"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/191919039" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#191919039">(Mar 26 2020 at 17:19)</a>:</h4>
<p>Right now that's conflated with "lead"</p>



<a name="191919706"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/191919706" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#191919706">(Mar 26 2020 at 17:24)</a>:</h4>
<p>If there is confusion about names then maybe the names are unclear (:</p>



<a name="191919766"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/191919766" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#191919766">(Mar 26 2020 at 17:24)</a>:</h4>
<p>Or their definitions</p>



<a name="191919941"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/191919941" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#191919941">(Mar 26 2020 at 17:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>Well, "shepherd" is also not currently an existing field, but Niko's right that it aligns pretty well with the existing "leads" field</p>



<a name="191920014"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/191920014" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#191920014">(Mar 26 2020 at 17:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>whereas liaisons doesn't, really</p>



<a name="191922053"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/191922053" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#191922053">(Mar 26 2020 at 17:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think in practice the liaison is also a <em>kind of</em> lead -- but it's not 100% clear :)</p>



<a name="191922082"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/191922082" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#191922082">(Mar 26 2020 at 17:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>well no I take that back</p>



<a name="191923104"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/191923104" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#191923104">(Mar 26 2020 at 17:46)</a>:</h4>
<p>I mean, it's close enough that currently we're listing both liaisons and shepherds as "leads" in <code>team</code></p>



<a name="191923374"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/191923374" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#191923374">(Mar 26 2020 at 17:48)</a>:</h4>
<p>how many roles are needed?</p>



<a name="191923394"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/191923394" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#191923394">(Mar 26 2020 at 17:48)</a>:</h4>
<p>how would you describe the differences between the roles?</p>



<a name="191923406"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/191923406" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#191923406">(Mar 26 2020 at 17:48)</a>:</h4>
<p>(I'm going to ignore RFCs here)</p>



<a name="191923438"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/191923438" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#191923438">(Mar 26 2020 at 17:48)</a>:</h4>
<p>(want to hear what is in your head)</p>



<a name="191923768"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/191923768" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#191923768">(Mar 26 2020 at 17:50)</a>:</h4>
<p>so I see two distinct ways to look at this</p>



<a name="191923945"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/191923945" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#191923945">(Mar 26 2020 at 17:51)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think my original thought was that the</p>
<ul>
<li>the <strong>shepherds</strong> are the ones "in the trenches", summarizing conversations, and kind of driving the design</li>
<li>the <strong>liaison</strong> is getting called in as needed to help out, having meetings <em>with the shepherd</em> to give feedback, and perhaps raising things in the design meeting</li>
</ul>



<a name="191924025"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/191924025" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#191924025">(Mar 26 2020 at 17:52)</a>:</h4>
<p>and maybe the liaison is also a shepherd</p>



<a name="191924059"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/191924059" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#191924059">(Mar 26 2020 at 17:52)</a>:</h4>
<p>Is it ideal that this would be a combined role?</p>



<a name="191924077"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/191924077" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#191924077">(Mar 26 2020 at 17:52)</a>:</h4>
<p>Or is it preferable for it not to be?</p>



<a name="191924107"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/191924107" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#191924107">(Mar 26 2020 at 17:52)</a>:</h4>
<p>but I think another valid thing to say would be: each project group has some leads, at least one must be a team member, and they need to share those duties in some way that works</p>



<a name="191924249"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/191924249" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#191924249">(Mar 26 2020 at 17:53)</a>:</h4>
<p>by team member you mean core Lang team?</p>



<a name="191924288"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/191924288" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#191924288">(Mar 26 2020 at 17:53)</a>:</h4>
<p>or project team member</p>



<a name="191924380"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/191924380" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#191924380">(Mar 26 2020 at 17:54)</a>:</h4>
<p>I mean member of whatever team(s) the project group is associated with</p>



<a name="191924406"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/191924406" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#191924406">(Mar 26 2020 at 17:54)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok</p>



<a name="191924436"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/191924436" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#191924436">(Mar 26 2020 at 17:54)</a>:</h4>
<p>my motivations for separating out roles a bit:</p>



<a name="191924484"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/191924484" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#191924484">(Mar 26 2020 at 17:54)</a>:</h4>
<ul>
<li>many team members are short on time, they are often the folks with the most experience and hence also obligations</li>
</ul>



<a name="191924523"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/191924523" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#191924523">(Mar 26 2020 at 17:55)</a>:</h4>
<p>so it'd be nice to have a way where they see a good project and they can help it move along without having to invest a ton of time</p>



<a name="191924558"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/191924558" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#191924558">(Mar 26 2020 at 17:55)</a>:</h4>
<ul>
<li>it can be a mentoring opportunity for folks who might want to join a team</li>
</ul>



<a name="191924586"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/191924586" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#191924586">(Mar 26 2020 at 17:55)</a>:</h4>
<p>for a lot of the teams that aren't oriented around <em>coding</em>, it's really hard to figure out the "path to membership"</p>



<a name="191924802"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/191924802" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#191924802">(Mar 26 2020 at 17:56)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="116009">nikomatsakis</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings)/near/191917112" title="#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings)/near/191917112">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>it won't be, but if we do this right, I'd like to see that information collected and available</p>
</blockquote>
<p>btw what I meant by this is not so much that we can scrape the team repo -- that tells you something about what <em>groups</em> someone is involved in -- but I'd like to see us just doing a better job collecting the <strong>projects overall</strong>, not all of which will be "groups" I should think ..</p>



<a name="191924811"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/191924811" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#191924811">(Mar 26 2020 at 17:57)</a>:</h4>
<p>so liaison is a team member, and they may also be, but are unlikely to be/better not to be the shepherd, for reasons of time and being spread too thin?</p>



<a name="191924924"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/191924924" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#191924924">(Mar 26 2020 at 17:57)</a>:</h4>
<p>So then it becomes a questions to trying to figure out the technical or conceptual requirements for being aware of projects</p>



<a name="191924962"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/191924962" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#191924962">(Mar 26 2020 at 17:57)</a>:</h4>
<p>I need to wander around in the Github a bit more to muse about this I suppose</p>



<a name="191925063"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/191925063" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#191925063">(Mar 26 2020 at 17:58)</a>:</h4>
<p>we've been wrestling with this a bit in the compiler-team repo</p>



<a name="191925096"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/191925096" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#191925096">(Mar 26 2020 at 17:58)</a>:</h4>
<p>I don't think we've quite got it figured out yet but we're getting there</p>



<a name="191925448"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/191925448" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#191925448">(Mar 26 2020 at 18:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>would it be helpful to interview someone from the compiler team to summarize that?</p>



<a name="191947784"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/191947784" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#191947784">(Mar 26 2020 at 20:57)</a>:</h4>
<p>Well, I'm on the team :)</p>



<a name="191947803"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/191947803" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#191947803">(Mar 26 2020 at 20:57)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm not sure there's a better person</p>



<a name="193115146"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/193115146" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#193115146">(Apr 06 2020 at 23:23)</a>:</h4>
<p>I know that a pre-RFC process was proposed for the lang team - is the lang team currently using one?</p>



<a name="193218058"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/193218058" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#193218058">(Apr 07 2020 at 17:01)</a>:</h4>
<p>Not really</p>



<a name="193218080"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/193218080" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#193218080">(Apr 07 2020 at 17:01)</a>:</h4>
<p>I mean "informally" the answer is "create an internals thread", to some extent</p>



<a name="193304821"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/193304821" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Val Grimm <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#193304821">(Apr 08 2020 at 11:21)</a>:</h4>
<p>So what's our next step here? Write an RFC about the pre-RFC process?  <span aria-label="upside down" class="emoji emoji-1f643" role="img" title="upside down">:upside_down:</span></p>



<a name="193326445"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/193326445" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#193326445">(Apr 08 2020 at 14:19)</a>:</h4>
<p>We should discuss this more at our meeting, but I'd like if there was a way to try a process without committing to making an RFC for it.</p>



<a name="193349981"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/193349981" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#193349981">(Apr 08 2020 at 17:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>I am working on a draft of the pre-RFC RFC....but it's going to be pretty rough. Which may not be a bad thing, it might prompt more discussion. I'll post a link to the draft here by EOD</p>



<a name="193353018"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/193353018" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#193353018">(Apr 08 2020 at 17:31)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think Erin is right that an RFC is probably not appropriate yet. (Which is kind of fitting, given the subject!) Since there are no formal rules around how (or even if) discussion happens on a topic prior to an RFC, it should be pretty easy and low-risk to try out one or more pre-RFC strategies before proposing they become official.</p>



<a name="193353411"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/193353411" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#193353411">(Apr 08 2020 at 17:34)</a>:</h4>
<p>In some sense, we're already doing this with the FFI-unwind group, and also in this group with the Working Group RFC.</p>



<a name="193353634"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/193353634" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#193353634">(Apr 08 2020 at 17:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>But these are sort of high-effort RFCs with dedicated teams. I think we should also try out some strategies for when an RFC is simpler than that. Possibly, having a "project group" is lightweight enough that it's reasonable to just use that model even for small RFCs, but I would like to brainstorm a bit more about other options.</p>



<a name="193353819"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/193353819" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#193353819">(Apr 08 2020 at 17:38)</a>:</h4>
<p>Switching from meta-level to object-level: I think one requirement for any process is that "tentative buy-in" from the relevant team (e.g. lang) should come early in the process.</p>



<a name="193353911"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/193353911" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#193353911">(Apr 08 2020 at 17:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>In project groups, the Liaison role formalizes that buy-in.</p>



<a name="193383688"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/193383688" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#193383688">(Apr 08 2020 at 21:58)</a>:</h4>
<blockquote>
<p>I am working on a draft of the pre-RFC RFC....but it's going to be pretty rough. Which may not be a bad thing, it might prompt more discussion. I'll post a link to the draft here by EOD</p>
</blockquote>
<p>Yeah, I think there's value in writing a proposal like it would be an RFC, I just meant making an RFC as in all the work that comes after you've written it. <span aria-label="slight smile" class="emoji emoji-1f642" role="img" title="slight smile">:slight_smile:</span></p>



<a name="193475708"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/193475708" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#193475708">(Apr 09 2020 at 16:35)</a>:</h4>
<p>Here's the very early (and incomplete) proposal <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/wg-governance/pull/47" title="https://github.com/rust-lang/wg-governance/pull/47">https://github.com/rust-lang/wg-governance/pull/47</a></p>



<a name="196716638"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/196716638" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#196716638">(May 07 2020 at 00:58)</a>:</h4>
<p>I've been following what the lang team has been doing in creating their own pre-rfc process and it's fantastic <a href="#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Lang.20team.20proposals.2C.20project.20groups.2C.20and.20active.2Fbacklog/near/195909741" title="#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Lang.20team.20proposals.2C.20project.20groups.2C.20and.20active.2Fbacklog/near/195909741">https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Lang.20team.20proposals.2C.20project.20groups.2C.20and.20active.2Fbacklog/near/195909741</a></p>



<a name="196716657"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/196716657" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#196716657">(May 07 2020 at 00:59)</a>:</h4>
<p>I wonder if it might make sense to delay creating a pre-RFC process for all teams and instead observe and learn from the lang team over the next few months</p>



<a name="196716673"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/196716673" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nell Shamrell-Harrington <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#196716673">(May 07 2020 at 00:59)</a>:</h4>
<p>then, when we do create the RFC, we will have a proven, real world, Rust community example to draw from</p>



<a name="196725791"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/196725791" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Triplett <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#196725791">(May 07 2020 at 04:19)</a>:</h4>
<p>We're certainly happy to serve as guinea pigs. :)</p>



<a name="196735736"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/196735736" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#196735736">(May 07 2020 at 07:35)</a>:</h4>
<p>Makes sense to me.</p>



<a name="196736170"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/196736170" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#196736170">(May 07 2020 at 07:40)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="225192">@Nell Shamrell-Harrington</span> Are you (or anyone else) interested in actively following one or two proposals through the process?</p>



<a name="196736297"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/196736297" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#196736297">(May 07 2020 at 07:42)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think there would be value in having some people participate purely in a observer type role.</p>



<a name="196793916"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/196793916" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#196793916">(May 07 2020 at 16:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>I am interested.</p>



<a name="196796953"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/196796953" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#196796953">(May 07 2020 at 16:36)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="120076">@BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)</span> Would be okay then with being pinged about a status update in the governance meetings? I wouldn't expect a long update, just a small update on which ones you've been following along with any interesting observations, or things you think merit wider discussion.</p>



<a name="196797092"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/196797092" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#196797092">(May 07 2020 at 16:37)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yeah, that seems like a good approach.</p>



<a name="196797348"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/196797348" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#196797348">(May 07 2020 at 16:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm unsure whether to do updates every meeting or every-other meeting. I think we should start with asking each meeting and if it seems like there are weeks with little-to-no new info, we can scale back. I'll also bring this up again when the meeting starts.</p>



<a name="196797510"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/196797510" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand) <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#196797510">(May 07 2020 at 16:40)</a>:</h4>
<p>My guess is that it will probably just depend on how quickly the specific project is moving. If it's anything like wg-ffi-unwind, the pace will probably be a bit uneven.</p>



<a name="196798890"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/196798890" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#196798890">(May 07 2020 at 16:51)</a>:</h4>
<p>I wanted to bring up this idea about lang team and how it should interact with governance group efforts</p>



<a name="196798982"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/196798982" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#196798982">(May 07 2020 at 16:52)</a>:</h4>
<p>I would also refer us to <a class="stream-topic" data-stream-id="185694" href="/#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/mcp.20process.20and.20user-facing.20changes">#t-compiler/wg-meta &gt; mcp process and user-facing changes</a></p>



<a name="196798994"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/196798994" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#196798994">(May 07 2020 at 16:52)</a>:</h4>
<p>which I think is "related"</p>



<a name="196799038"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/196799038" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#196799038">(May 07 2020 at 16:52)</a>:</h4>
<p>this is our effort on compiler-team to make a lightweight process that is "more than a PR" and "less than a full RFC"</p>



<a name="196799058"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc%20%28outside%20meetings%29/near/196799058" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings).html#196799058">(May 07 2020 at 16:52)</a>:</h4>
<p>it seems pretty related though to the lang-team "proposals"</p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 20:01 UTC</p>
</html>