<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>2021-11-16 meeting · t-devtools · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/index.html">t-devtools</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16.20meeting.html">2021-11-16 meeting</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="261705538"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16%20meeting/near/261705538" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16.20meeting.html#261705538">(Nov 16 2021 at 20:56)</a>:</h4>
<p>meeting in 4 minutes ! <a href="https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Devtools-team-meetings--AfVgFCjuY7SfRxRYEoHqrQ_ZAg-CGijjZIVoybEvU4Co5Hms">https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Devtools-team-meetings--AfVgFCjuY7SfRxRYEoHqrQ_ZAg-CGijjZIVoybEvU4Co5Hms</a></p>



<a name="261705598"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16%20meeting/near/261705598" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Caleb Cartwright <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16.20meeting.html#261705598">(Nov 16 2021 at 20:57)</a>:</h4>
<p>was just about to ask if we were still meeting lol</p>



<a name="261706090"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16%20meeting/near/261706090" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16.20meeting.html#261706090">(Nov 16 2021 at 21:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hey everyone! welcome to our meeting!</p>



<a name="261706143"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16%20meeting/near/261706143" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16.20meeting.html#261706143">(Nov 16 2021 at 21:01)</a>:</h4>
<p>Looks like we mostly have team updates on the agenda, anyone want to go firsT?</p>



<a name="261706344"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16%20meeting/near/261706344" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Caleb Cartwright <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16.20meeting.html#261706344">(Nov 16 2021 at 21:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>I just finished writing up notes for rustfmt, happy to go first</p>



<a name="261706392"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16%20meeting/near/261706392" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Caleb Cartwright <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16.20meeting.html#261706392">(Nov 16 2021 at 21:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>rustfmt</p>
<p>3 unstabilized options I’d like to deprecate, want to run it past this team before asking for feedback/objections from broader community (<code>report_todo</code>, <code>report_fixme</code>, <code>license_template_path</code>). Somewhat buggy features that IMO are completely unrelated to formatting/reformatting of code. The first two involve searching for TODO or FIXME text in comments, the latter is used to enforce files start with a license</p>
<p>Minor bug fixes/refactoring</p>
<p>Continued activity/contributions from a couple folks who seem to be sticking around</p>



<a name="261706487"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16%20meeting/near/261706487" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Caleb Cartwright <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16.20meeting.html#261706487">(Nov 16 2021 at 21:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>i've clearly still not figured out Zulip message formatting</p>



<a name="261706821"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16%20meeting/near/261706821" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16.20meeting.html#261706821">(Nov 16 2021 at 21:06)</a>:</h4>
<p>heh</p>



<a name="261706849"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16%20meeting/near/261706849" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16.20meeting.html#261706849">(Nov 16 2021 at 21:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>i think removing unstable options is fine</p>



<a name="261706889"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16%20meeting/near/261706889" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16.20meeting.html#261706889">(Nov 16 2021 at 21:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>you should chat with <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="232545">@Joshua Nelson</span> a bit, he's been going through unstable rustdoc features and doing a structured triage</p>



<a name="261706891"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16%20meeting/near/261706891" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16.20meeting.html#261706891">(Nov 16 2021 at 21:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>worth doing</p>



<a name="261706906"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16%20meeting/near/261706906" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16.20meeting.html#261706906">(Nov 16 2021 at 21:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>from clippy's side: no major updates</p>



<a name="261706986"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16%20meeting/near/261706986" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16.20meeting.html#261706986">(Nov 16 2021 at 21:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>i think we have low attendance today (happens for the rust project near the end of the year)</p>



<a name="261707011"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16%20meeting/near/261707011" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16.20meeting.html#261707011">(Nov 16 2021 at 21:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>i guess we can wrap up early?</p>



<a name="261707040"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16%20meeting/near/261707040" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Huss <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16.20meeting.html#261707040">(Nov 16 2021 at 21:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>I had something I wanted to ask about.</p>



<a name="261707063"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16%20meeting/near/261707063" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Huss <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16.20meeting.html#261707063">(Nov 16 2021 at 21:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'd like to see people's thoughts about how to deal with getting blocked by other teams, and how to approach it.</p>



<a name="261707113"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16%20meeting/near/261707113" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16.20meeting.html#261707113">(Nov 16 2021 at 21:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>go for it!</p>



<a name="261707137"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16%20meeting/near/261707137" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Huss <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16.20meeting.html#261707137">(Nov 16 2021 at 21:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>I tend to get in situations where what I want to do depends on some other group approving it.  And it can take months or years to get forward progress.</p>



<a name="261707144"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16%20meeting/near/261707144" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Caleb Cartwright <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16.20meeting.html#261707144">(Nov 16 2021 at 21:09)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="120518">Eric Huss</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16.20meeting/near/261707063">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>I'd like to see people's thoughts about how to deal with getting blocked by other teams, and how to approach it.</p>
</blockquote>
<p>blocked as in a sequencing thing where you need something from someone else or</p>



<a name="261707208"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16%20meeting/near/261707208" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Huss <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16.20meeting.html#261707208">(Nov 16 2021 at 21:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>yea. Just needing some other team to approve a PR for example.</p>



<a name="261707241"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16%20meeting/near/261707241" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16.20meeting.html#261707241">(Nov 16 2021 at 21:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>I tend to have moderate success having conversations with people of that group; sometimes they invite you to their meeting etc</p>



<a name="261707247"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16%20meeting/near/261707247" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Huss <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16.20meeting.html#261707247">(Nov 16 2021 at 21:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>I completely understand, as I probably have a hundred PRs waiting for my review.</p>



<a name="261707258"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16%20meeting/near/261707258" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Huss <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16.20meeting.html#261707258">(Nov 16 2021 at 21:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>So I don't really know the answer.</p>



<a name="261707262"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16%20meeting/near/261707262" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16.20meeting.html#261707262">(Nov 16 2021 at 21:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>yeah it's hard</p>



<a name="261707332"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16%20meeting/near/261707332" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16.20meeting.html#261707332">(Nov 16 2021 at 21:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>i think it's okay to ask for a timeline, and explain why it is a priority for you</p>



<a name="261707335"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16%20meeting/near/261707335" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Caleb Cartwright <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16.20meeting.html#261707335">(Nov 16 2021 at 21:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>are there any higher level cross-team forums where cross-team dependencies like this can be shared?</p>



<a name="261707368"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16%20meeting/near/261707368" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Huss <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16.20meeting.html#261707368">(Nov 16 2021 at 21:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>yea, that sounds like a good idea.  I was thinking of trying to get like a video or voice chat to try to see if they have questions or whatever.</p>



<a name="261707371"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16%20meeting/near/261707371" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16.20meeting.html#261707371">(Nov 16 2021 at 21:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>not really, the answer is basically "bug the leader/members of that team"</p>



<a name="261707398"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16%20meeting/near/261707398" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16.20meeting.html#261707398">(Nov 16 2021 at 21:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>the core team did want better product-oriented thinking in rust and being able to track this better would be a part of that</p>



<a name="261707456"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16%20meeting/near/261707456" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16.20meeting.html#261707456">(Nov 16 2021 at 21:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>it would be nice if there were basically a team of folks tracking progress like that</p>



<a name="261707484"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16%20meeting/near/261707484" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16.20meeting.html#261707484">(Nov 16 2021 at 21:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>but right now, just talk to em 1:1</p>



<a name="261707506"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16%20meeting/near/261707506" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Caleb Cartwright <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16.20meeting.html#261707506">(Nov 16 2021 at 21:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>right, someone looking at the forest as opposed to everyone focused on their individual trees</p>



<a name="261707537"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16%20meeting/near/261707537" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Huss <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16.20meeting.html#261707537">(Nov 16 2021 at 21:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think another thing is that it can be difficult to evaluate the importance.</p>



<a name="261707597"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16%20meeting/near/261707597" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Caleb Cartwright <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16.20meeting.html#261707597">(Nov 16 2021 at 21:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>was just thinking the same thing. managing competing priorities/divergent perspectives on priorities is always a challenge</p>



<a name="261707600"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16%20meeting/near/261707600" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Huss <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16.20meeting.html#261707600">(Nov 16 2021 at 21:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>Like most of what I want to do isn't super important, but when it gets delayed for months, I tend to forget the context and it makes it harder.</p>



<a name="261707705"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16%20meeting/near/261707705" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Huss <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16.20meeting.html#261707705">(Nov 16 2021 at 21:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok, thanks!  I'll see if I can try to get conversations going to at least see if there is anything that can be done.</p>



<a name="261707739"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16%20meeting/near/261707739" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Caleb Cartwright <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16.20meeting.html#261707739">(Nov 16 2021 at 21:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>Are we planning to meet next month? be heavily into the holiday season for many</p>



<a name="261707751"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16%20meeting/near/261707751" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16.20meeting.html#261707751">(Nov 16 2021 at 21:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>let's cancel</p>



<a name="261707755"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16%20meeting/near/261707755" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16.20meeting.html#261707755">(Nov 16 2021 at 21:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>i'm out of town anyway</p>



<a name="261707758"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16%20meeting/near/261707758" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Caleb Cartwright <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16.20meeting.html#261707758">(Nov 16 2021 at 21:15)</a>:</h4>
<p>sgtm</p>



<a name="261707820"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16%20meeting/near/261707820" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Caleb Cartwright <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16.20meeting.html#261707820">(Nov 16 2021 at 21:15)</a>:</h4>
<p>happy 2022 to everyone then? <span aria-label="laughter tears" class="emoji emoji-1f602" role="img" title="laughter tears">:laughter_tears:</span></p>



<a name="261708447"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16%20meeting/near/261708447" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Joshua Nelson <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16.20meeting.html#261708447">(Nov 16 2021 at 21:21)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="132040">Manish Goregaokar</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16.20meeting/near/261706889">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>you should chat with <span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="232545">Joshua Nelson</span> a bit, he's been going through unstable rustdoc features and doing a structured triage</p>
</blockquote>
<p>"doing a structured triage" is strong wording for "glanced at about half of the features"</p>



<a name="261708464"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16%20meeting/near/261708464" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Joshua Nelson <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16.20meeting.html#261708464">(Nov 16 2021 at 21:21)</a>:</h4>
<p>but yes I'm hoping to clean this up in rustdoc too lol</p>



<a name="261709105"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16%20meeting/near/261709105" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Caleb Cartwright <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16.20meeting.html#261709105">(Nov 16 2021 at 21:26)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="232545">@Joshua Nelson</span> for unstable rustdoc features that you and the team think should be dropped, is there any kind of process/communication practice you all are following or are you just going ahead with the relevant code changes?</p>



<a name="261709206"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16%20meeting/near/261709206" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Caleb Cartwright <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16.20meeting.html#261709206">(Nov 16 2021 at 21:27)</a>:</h4>
<p>my sense has always been that unstable opts are subject to be removed at any time, but also trying to balance that with giving folks an opportunity to persuade me otherwise</p>



<a name="261709365"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16%20meeting/near/261709365" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Joshua Nelson <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16.20meeting.html#261709365">(Nov 16 2021 at 21:28)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="320317">@Caleb Cartwright</span> I haven't discussed it with the rest of the team yet but my idea was to ping the original author and say "hey we want to get rid of this, please open an RFC if you want to keep it"</p>



<a name="261709388"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16%20meeting/near/261709388" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Joshua Nelson <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16.20meeting.html#261709388">(Nov 16 2021 at 21:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>and give maybe a week or two before actually deleting it</p>



<a name="261710806"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16%20meeting/near/261710806" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> GuillaumeGomez <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2021-11-16.20meeting.html#261710806">(Nov 16 2021 at 21:40)</a>:</h4>
<p>my internet is really problematic this evening... I'll write the rustdoc update in the doc once my page has loaded...</p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 20:01 UTC</p>
</html>