<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>2022-01-18 meeting · t-devtools · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/index.html">t-devtools</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html">2022-01-18 meeting</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="268452856"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268452856" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268452856">(Jan 18 2022 at 20:44)</a>:</h4>
<p>Meeting in 15 minutes!</p>
<p>Add stuff to the agenda here: <a href="https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Devtools-kickoff-meeting--AZiMpsO9D8paMrLSl8dQsqoSAg-CGijjZIVoybEvU4Co5Hms">https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Devtools-kickoff-meeting--AZiMpsO9D8paMrLSl8dQsqoSAg-CGijjZIVoybEvU4Co5Hms</a></p>



<a name="268454519"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268454519" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268454519">(Jan 18 2022 at 20:59)</a>:</h4>
<p>Alright, first up, team updates:</p>



<a name="268454571"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268454571" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268454571">(Jan 18 2022 at 20:59)</a>:</h4>
<p>oh also i think <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="117482">@Pascal</span> has an update for after the team updates</p>



<a name="268454712"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268454712" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pascal <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268454712">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>yep, but that can wait until the end :)</p>



<a name="268454768"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268454768" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268454768">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>anyway, for clippy: Mostly normal progress, but we're likely triggering a rust point release for the first time ever (yay? <span aria-label="upside down" class="emoji emoji-1f643" role="img" title="upside down">:upside_down:</span> ) , in <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-clippy/issues/8045">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-clippy/issues/8045</a></p>



<a name="268454790"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268454790" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268454790">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>anyone wanna go next?</p>



<a name="268455060"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268455060" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Caleb Cartwright <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268455060">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>i'll do rustfmt</p>
<ul>
<li>More minor bug fixes/refactoring</li>
<li>Good progress made on a few new features/behaviors, including formatting asm! calls (<a href="https://github.com/rust-dev-tools/fmt-rfcs/issues/152">https://github.com/rust-dev-tools/fmt-rfcs/issues/152</a>) and support for flexibility on line breaking/flattening between chain items</li>
<li>1.58 release<br>
    - minor bug slipped through related to formatting of generated files containing the <code>@generated</code> marker<br>
    - <code>cargo fmt --check</code>  now available on all channels</li>
</ul>



<a name="268455344"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268455344" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Huss <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268455344">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>For cargo:</p>
<ul>
<li>1.59 has <code>strip</code> support and "future incomaptible" reporting for rustc backwards-incompatible changes</li>
<li>1.60 will have new feature syntax </li>
<li>Also looking at stabilizing <code>-Ztimings</code> and supporting toml-edit soon.</li>
</ul>



<a name="268455493"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268455493" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Caleb Cartwright <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268455493">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>any additional details on the future incompatible compatibility one?</p>



<a name="268455537"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268455537" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Huss <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268455537">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>There's some documentation here: <a href="https://doc.rust-lang.org/nightly/cargo/reference/future-incompat-report.html">https://doc.rust-lang.org/nightly/cargo/reference/future-incompat-report.html</a></p>



<a name="268455626"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268455626" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Huss <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268455626">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:06)</a>:</h4>
<p>Essentially, certain lints can be marked as "this will break soon", and cargo will report it, even if it is inside a dependency.</p>



<a name="268455792"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268455792" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pascal <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268455792">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>oh, and this is the first feature under <code>cargo report</code>, right?</p>



<a name="268455808"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268455808" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Huss <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268455808">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>yea</p>



<a name="268455946"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268455946" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268455946">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>rustup and rustdoc? <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="223910">@Daniel Silverstone</span> or <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="210316">@GuillaumeGomez</span> / <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="315412">@jsha</span> ?</p>



<a name="268455980"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268455980" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268455980">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>I can post the rustdoc one from the doc</p>



<a name="268455990"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268455990" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268455990">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:08)</a>:</h4>
<div class="codehilite"><pre><span></span><code>- rustdoc
    - A lot of UI improvements made by jsha. We will very likely write a blog post to present them.
    - Cleanup as usual and performance improvements as usual.
</code></pre></div>



<a name="268456019"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268456019" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268456019">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>i'm excited about the blog post</p>



<a name="268456078"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268456078" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268456078">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>daniel might not be around today, that's fine</p>



<a name="268456092"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268456092" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268456092">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:09)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="261224">@triagebot</span> next-topic</p>



<a name="268456094"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268456094" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> triagebot <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268456094">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>Unknown command.</p>



<a name="268456164"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268456164" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268456164">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>oh well forgot the command, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="117482">@Pascal</span> want to do your update?</p>



<a name="268456219"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268456219" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pascal <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268456219">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>yeah, sure! so as y'all might've notices i haven't really had much time for this team in the last year or so</p>



<a name="268456246"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268456246" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pascal <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268456246">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>so, with the new year, i'd like to step down</p>



<a name="268456289"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268456289" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pascal <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268456289">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>i'd like to make room for new people to join, and maybe also become lead</p>



<a name="268456323"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268456323" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Caleb Cartwright <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268456323">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>sad to hear you'll be leaving!</p>



<a name="268456362"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268456362" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pascal <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268456362">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>i trust <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="132040">@Manish Goregaokar</span>  will continue to do a fantastic job leading the tools team :)</p>



<a name="268456411"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268456411" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pascal <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268456411">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>to be clear, i'm not gonna leave the whole community, i'll still be around. just with a team association that matches my activity :)</p>



<a name="268456447"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268456447" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268456447">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>Thanks for all you've done!</p>



<a name="268456474"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268456474" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pascal <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268456474">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>thank you for having me! it's been a blast!</p>



<a name="268456510"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268456510" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Caleb Cartwright <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268456510">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>i was going to say i'd enjoyed a great number of your blog posts so glad you'll still be around <span aria-label="grinning" class="emoji emoji-1f600" role="img" title="grinning">:grinning:</span></p>



<a name="268456620"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268456620" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pascal <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268456620">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>thanks! there's more coming for sure, maybe even about tools again!</p>



<a name="268456689"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268456689" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Caleb Cartwright <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268456689">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:15)</a>:</h4>
<p>i forgot to mention earlier but i have a few quick AOB type questions whenever we get to the end</p>



<a name="268456798"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268456798" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pascal <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268456798">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>then i declare my farewell to be settled, and let's get back to the regular program ;)</p>



<a name="268457063"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268457063" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Huss <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268457063">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:18)</a>:</h4>
<p>i had a few items on the agenda if you're ready?</p>



<a name="268457128"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268457128" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pascal <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268457128">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:19)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="120518">@Eric Huss</span> go ahead</p>



<a name="268457184"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268457184" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Huss <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268457184">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:19)</a>:</h4>
<p>I just wanted to remind t-devtools members to check their boxes at <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/pull/1615">https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/pull/1615</a>, or register a concern otherwise.</p>



<a name="268457315"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268457315" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Huss <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268457315">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>I wanted to talk about the meaning of <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/labels/T-dev-tools"><code>T-dev-tools</code></a> on the rust-lang/rust repository and what it means.</p>



<a name="268457400"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268457400" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Huss <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268457400">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>A lot (most? all?) of these seem unrelated to T-dev-tools, or are covered by T-rustdoc.</p>



<a name="268457429"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268457429" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Huss <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268457429">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:21)</a>:</h4>
<p>So I was wondering what it is intended for?</p>



<a name="268457716"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268457716" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Caleb Cartwright <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268457716">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:23)</a>:</h4>
<p>i hope the lack of responses means that i'm the only one that has no idea</p>



<a name="268457827"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268457827" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268457827">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:24)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="120518">@Eric Huss</span> i think people kinda use it randomly</p>



<a name="268457843"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268457843" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268457843">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:24)</a>:</h4>
<p>in general the T- tags mean "needs approval from this team"</p>



<a name="268457893"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268457893" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268457893">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:24)</a>:</h4>
<p>but the devtools team is more of a loose federation than a coherent team, with the goal being supporting each other and working together but we don't really ... approve stuff often</p>



<a name="268457909"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268457909" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Huss <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268457909">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>being random means it doesn't really have much meaning.</p>
<p>Would anyone object if I at least remove it from the rustdoc issues?</p>



<a name="268457924"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268457924" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268457924">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>but other teams can and should get their own T- tags</p>



<a name="268457927"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268457927" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268457927">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>yeah go for it</p>



<a name="268457966"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268457966" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Huss <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268457966">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>I can then review the rest and see what makes sense.</p>



<a name="268457985"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268457985" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Huss <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268457985">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>There are some for projects that there aren't any active members for.</p>



<a name="268458023"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268458023" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268458023">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>i think the primary use case is "we want more feedback from wider rust devtools folks"</p>



<a name="268458078"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268458078" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268458078">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>valid use case, i mean</p>



<a name="268458104"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268458104" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268458104">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>e.g. if a small team like rustfmt wants to make a big change it kinda makes sense to have a larger approver set</p>



<a name="268458132"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268458132" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Huss <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268458132">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>Makes sense.</p>



<a name="268458137"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268458137" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Huss <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268458137">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>OK, moving on.  I wanted to ask about the status of the issues at <a href="https://github.com/rust-dev-tools/dev-tools-team/issues">https://github.com/rust-dev-tools/dev-tools-team/issues</a>?</p>



<a name="268458163"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268458163" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Huss <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268458163">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:27)</a>:</h4>
<p>Would it make sense to close most of these since they are no longer active or valid?</p>



<a name="268458232"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268458232" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Caleb Cartwright <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268458232">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:27)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="132040">Manish Goregaokar</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting/near/268458104">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>e.g. if a small team like rustfmt wants to make a big change it kinda makes sense to have a larger approver set</p>
</blockquote>
<p>how often do those types of discussions/decisions (for dev tools) happen in the r-l/rust repo though? for example i'd just reach out to you all directly with something vs. opening an issue/PR in the main repo to discuss there</p>



<a name="268458343"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268458343" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Huss <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268458343">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yea, I don't see them happening on rust-lang/rust much.</p>



<a name="268458857"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268458857" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Huss <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268458857">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>Perhaps we should also discuss if this is a good time for this meeting, since few show up and those that do aren't talking?</p>



<a name="268458997"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268458997" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> flip1995 <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268458997">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:34)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm mostly reading along, since I don't really have much to add usually.</p>
<p>But this meeting is at 10 pm for me, so not really the best time.</p>



<a name="268459438"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268459438" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Caleb Cartwright <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268459438">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:38)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="120518">Eric Huss</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting/near/268458857">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>Perhaps we should also discuss if this is a good time for this meeting, since few show up and those that do aren't talking?</p>
</blockquote>
<p>maybe this question should be teed up again since many weren't able to attend today? fwiw the time works well for me but i've some flexibility on Tuesdays, especially since i find these meetings very valuable</p>



<a name="268459545"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268459545" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Huss <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268459545">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>yea.  We can also just discuss it async on Zulip or elsewhere.</p>



<a name="268459769"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268459769" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Caleb Cartwright <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268459769">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:41)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="120518">Eric Huss</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting/near/268458163">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>Would it make sense to close most of these since they are no longer active or valid?</p>
</blockquote>
<p><a href="https://github.com/rust-dev-tools/dev-tools-team/issues/36">https://github.com/rust-dev-tools/dev-tools-team/issues/36</a> can _certainly_ be closed</p>



<a name="268459904"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268459904" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Caleb Cartwright <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268459904">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:42)</a>:</h4>
<p>actually any/all rustfmt issues there</p>



<a name="268459996"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268459996" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Caleb Cartwright <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268459996">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:43)</a>:</h4>
<p>i was actually unsure if that was a place you all were really still using, if it made sense to share/ask things there to get it front of everyone</p>



<a name="268460417"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268460417" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268460417">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:46)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yeah picking a different time/changing the frequency works</p>



<a name="268460482"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268460482" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268460482">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:47)</a>:</h4>
<p>could also make it async, but i think a large benefit of this being sync is that sometimes interesting discussions spawn</p>



<a name="268460487"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268460487" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268460487">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:47)</a>:</h4>
<p>but we can have those async too</p>



<a name="268460537"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268460537" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Manish Goregaokar <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268460537">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:47)</a>:</h4>
<p>perhaps a biweekly or monthly @-ping in chat where we ask everyone to drop updates</p>



<a name="268460718"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268460718" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Caleb Cartwright <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268460718">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:49)</a>:</h4>
<p>maybe zulip will make that easier too since the topics/threads will always be grouped vs. discord where they'd likely end up intermingled with other discussion/requests/questions</p>



<a name="268461055"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268461055" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Ed Page <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268461055">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:52)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="120518">@Eric Huss</span> where is the RFC for "1.60 will have new feature syntax "?  Want to double check how that impacts various tools like <code>cargo-edit</code>.</p>



<a name="268461113"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268461113" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Huss <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268461113">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:53)</a>:</h4>
<p><a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/rfcs/3143-cargo-weak-namespaced-features.html">https://rust-lang.github.io/rfcs/3143-cargo-weak-namespaced-features.html</a></p>



<a name="268461346"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268461346" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Caleb Cartwright <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268461346">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:55)</a>:</h4>
<p>realize the dev tools repo issue topic is still out there, but i saw RLS in the aob list in dropbox so wanted to note there's some updates that are prob. worth sharing</p>



<a name="268461596"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268461596" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Huss <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268461596">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:57)</a>:</h4>
<p>I just wanted to see if you or Xanewok are still interested in maintaining it?  If not, then we need to think about discontinuing it sooner than later.  Since it was broken for a long time, and it disrupts beta.</p>



<a name="268461719"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268461719" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Caleb Cartwright <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268461719">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:58)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="264664">@flip1995</span>  want to speak to the resolution since you basically did all the work on it?</p>



<a name="268461726"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268461726" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Huss <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268461726">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:58)</a>:</h4>
<p>(or making it a subtree)</p>



<a name="268461807"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268461807" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> flip1995 <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268461807">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:59)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yeah, it took some weeks to resolve this, because Xanewok took some PTO and noone else was around to replace them</p>



<a name="268461847"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268461847" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> flip1995 <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268461847">(Jan 18 2022 at 21:59)</a>:</h4>
<p>Especially it depended on Racer (and rustc-ap crates) updates it took even longer</p>



<a name="268461959"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268461959" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> flip1995 <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268461959">(Jan 18 2022 at 22:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>So discontinuing RLS sounds reasonable (ratehr sooner than later)</p>



<a name="268461962"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268461962" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Caleb Cartwright <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268461962">(Jan 18 2022 at 22:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>the good (great?) news though is that the AP crates are out of the dep tree entirely <span aria-label="heart" class="emoji emoji-2764" role="img" title="heart">:heart:</span></p>



<a name="268462011"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268462011" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> flip1995 <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268462011">(Jan 18 2022 at 22:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yes AP crates aren't needed anymore</p>



<a name="268462026"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268462026" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> flip1995 <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268462026">(Jan 18 2022 at 22:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>so that's good</p>



<a name="268462036"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268462036" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Huss <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268462036">(Jan 18 2022 at 22:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yea, that should help a lot.</p>



<a name="268462183"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268462183" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> flip1995 <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268462183">(Jan 18 2022 at 22:01)</a>:</h4>
<p>We could make a rust (interrnals?) blogpost asking for feedback on how many people still use RLS</p>



<a name="268462190"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268462190" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Caleb Cartwright <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268462190">(Jan 18 2022 at 22:01)</a>:</h4>
<p>there was a thread somewhere about the RLS -&gt; RA transition, but apparently (disclaimer: my recall of the dialog) it's still held up on some administrative tasks and until that's done RLS is still supposed to be the "official" one?</p>



<a name="268462194"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268462194" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> xFrednet <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268462194">(Jan 18 2022 at 22:01)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm reading this one the side, could someone tell me what AP stand for? <span aria-label="sweat smile" class="emoji emoji-1f605" role="img" title="sweat smile">:sweat_smile:</span></p>



<a name="268462255"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268462255" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> flip1995 <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268462255">(Jan 18 2022 at 22:02)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="369415">xFrednet</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting/near/268462194">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>I'm reading this one the side, could someone tell me what AP stand for? <span aria-label="sweat smile" class="emoji emoji-1f605" role="img" title="sweat smile">:sweat_smile:</span></p>
</blockquote>
<p>Auto publish</p>



<a name="268462322"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268462322" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Caleb Cartwright <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268462322">(Jan 18 2022 at 22:02)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="369415">xFrednet</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting/near/268462194">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>I'm reading this one the side, could someone tell me what AP stand for? <span aria-label="sweat smile" class="emoji emoji-1f605" role="img" title="sweat smile">:sweat_smile:</span></p>
</blockquote>
<p>auto-publish, they are (or at least were) a weekly snapshot of the rustc internal mods published to <a href="http://crates.io">crates.io</a> for consumption by out-of-tree tools</p>



<a name="268462376"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268462376" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> xFrednet <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268462376">(Jan 18 2022 at 22:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>Ahh, those things. Thanks! <span aria-label="upside down" class="emoji emoji-1f643" role="img" title="upside down">:upside_down:</span></p>



<a name="268462561"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268462561" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Caleb Cartwright <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268462561">(Jan 18 2022 at 22:04)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="120518">Eric Huss</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting/near/268461596">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>I just wanted to see if you or Xanewok are still interested in maintaining it?  If not, then we need to think about discontinuing it sooner than later.  Since it was broken for a long time, and it disrupts beta.</p>
</blockquote>
<p>i'm around, so don't mind pitching in for the basic keeping-the-lights on stuff if that helps</p>



<a name="268462641"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268462641" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Caleb Cartwright <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268462641">(Jan 18 2022 at 22:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>but i also think the subtree move would probably be ideal so that the breaking chagnes could just be addressed in-tree in real time</p>



<a name="268462671"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268462671" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> flip1995 <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268462671">(Jan 18 2022 at 22:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yeah that would help. I basically just needed someone to merge the RLS/Racer PRs.</p>



<a name="268462672"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268462672" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Huss <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268462672">(Jan 18 2022 at 22:05)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="320317">Caleb Cartwright</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting/near/268462190">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>still held up on some administrative tasks and until that's done RLS is still supposed to be the "official" one?</p>
</blockquote>
<p>Yea.  I'm of the opinion that there shouldn't be such a high barrier just to link to rust-analyzer from the website, whether it is official or not.</p>
<p>I understand there are still people who prefer RLS, though I'm uncertain why.</p>



<a name="268462730"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268462730" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Huss <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268462730">(Jan 18 2022 at 22:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>Sounds good.  I'll keep an eye out, and if things are in a failing state for a while, I'll bring it back up.</p>



<a name="268462735"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268462735" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> flip1995 <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268462735">(Jan 18 2022 at 22:05)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="320317">Caleb Cartwright</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting/near/268462641">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>but i also think the subtree move would probably be ideal so that the breaking chagnes could just be addressed in-tree in real time</p>
</blockquote>
<p>I think with RLS this won't resolve this 100%, since it still depends on Racer, which depends on <code>rustc-dev</code></p>



<a name="268462861"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268462861" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Caleb Cartwright <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268462861">(Jan 18 2022 at 22:06)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="264664">flip1995</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting/near/268462735">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="320317">Caleb Cartwright</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting/near/268462641">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>but i also think the subtree move would probably be ideal so that the breaking chagnes could just be addressed in-tree in real time</p>
</blockquote>
<p>I think with RLS this won't resolve this 100%, since it still depends on Racer, which depends on <code>rustc-dev</code></p>
</blockquote>
<p>ahh you are correct, good point</p>



<a name="268462923"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268462923" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Caleb Cartwright <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268462923">(Jan 18 2022 at 22:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>although idr the last time racer broke due to an api change vs. the ap crates just having some e.g. feature that became incompatible on newer nightlies, but yes certainly could happen</p>



<a name="268463106"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268463106" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> flip1995 <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268463106">(Jan 18 2022 at 22:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yeah, Racer shouldn't break that often, since it mostly uses pretty "stable" rustc_* crates. </p>
<p>The question is if we want to move RLS in the Rust repo, if the plan is to discontinue it anyway (at some point in the future)</p>



<a name="268463224"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268463224" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Caleb Cartwright <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268463224">(Jan 18 2022 at 22:10)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="264664">flip1995</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting/near/268463106">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>Yeah, Racer shouldn't break that often, since it mostly uses pretty "stable" rustc_* crates. </p>
<p>The question is if we want to move RLS in the Rust repo, if the plan is to discontinue it anyway (at some point in the future)</p>
</blockquote>
<p>my read is that it's a question of when vs. if with RLS, and i'd fully expect that once RLS goes racer will be fully deprecated too</p>



<a name="268463313"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268463313" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Caleb Cartwright <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268463313">(Jan 18 2022 at 22:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>so is the thinking that if RLS decom is somewhere on the horizon, that it might not even be worth the subtree conversion?</p>



<a name="268463432"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268463432" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> flip1995 <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268463432">(Jan 18 2022 at 22:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yes that's what I would say. subtree sync is more complicated than submodule sync. So less people would be able to (quickly) do it, if something breaks.</p>



<a name="268463472"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268463472" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Huss <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268463472">(Jan 18 2022 at 22:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yea, I probably wouldn't put in too much effort into that.  It doesn't break super often.</p>



<a name="268463510"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268463510" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> flip1995 <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268463510">(Jan 18 2022 at 22:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>I would stay with submodule, if someone is around that can accept Rust update PRs in RLS</p>



<a name="268463511"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268463511" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Caleb Cartwright <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268463511">(Jan 18 2022 at 22:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>makes sense</p>



<a name="268463696"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268463696" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> flip1995 <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268463696">(Jan 18 2022 at 22:15)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think that's all about RLS <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="261224">@triagebot</span> end-topic</p>



<a name="268463697"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268463697" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> triagebot <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268463697">(Jan 18 2022 at 22:15)</a>:</h4>
<p>Does anyone have something to add on the current topic?<br>
React with <span aria-label="working on it" class="emoji emoji-1f6e0" role="img" title="working on it">:working_on_it:</span> if you have something to say.<br>
React with <span aria-label="all good" class="emoji emoji-2705" role="img" title="all good">:all_good:</span> if not.</p>



<a name="268463890"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268463890" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Caleb Cartwright <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268463890">(Jan 18 2022 at 22:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>i've not really seen the bots in chat before but that's pretty nifty. is there any etiquette on topic transitions? have one minor final item</p>



<a name="268463928"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268463928" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> flip1995 <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268463928">(Jan 18 2022 at 22:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>If no one presses on <span aria-label="working on it" class="emoji emoji-1f6e0" role="img" title="working on it">:working_on_it:</span>, you're good to go with the next topic usually</p>



<a name="268464074"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268464074" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Caleb Cartwright <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268464074">(Jan 18 2022 at 22:19)</a>:</h4>
<p>the last aob item i had was on a somewhat similar note as RLS, there was someone on  discord the other day trying to get a hold of someone that supported rust.vim <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rust.vim/">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust.vim/</a> and seemed they were having trouble. kinda seems like many of the editor plugins are in similar support boats (mostly maintenance without a ton of maintainers)?</p>
<p>i feel like there was a somewhat similar scenario recently with a different plugin (can't remember the specifics) so curious if anyone knew anything about the vim one</p>



<a name="268464777"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268464777" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> flip1995 <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268464777">(Jan 18 2022 at 22:23)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hm seems like there are 2 maintainers, but they don't seem to really review PRs. </p>
<p>(I think I use this plugin, but never had an issue with it, so <span aria-label="shrug" class="emoji emoji-1f937" role="img" title="shrug">:shrug:</span> )</p>



<a name="268465082"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268465082" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Caleb Cartwright <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268465082">(Jan 18 2022 at 22:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>yeah and i don't get the sense there's a ton of attention needed, just that the ides-and-editors channel under dev tools in discord gets a fair amount of questions and not uncommon for no one to be able to speak to those definitively</p>



<a name="268465823"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268465823" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Caleb Cartwright <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268465823">(Jan 18 2022 at 22:34)</a>:</h4>
<p>i need to run, seems like meeting has run its course anyway <span aria-label="wave" class="emoji emoji-1f44b" role="img" title="wave">:wave:</span></p>



<a name="268470941"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268470941" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> GuillaumeGomez <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268470941">(Jan 18 2022 at 23:22)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="117482">@Pascal</span> Oh I'm sad to see you leaving... :'(</p>



<a name="268471841"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/268471841" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> GuillaumeGomez <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#268471841">(Jan 18 2022 at 23:32)</a>:</h4>
<p>(sorry, I was sick so I couldn't attend...)</p>



<a name="269204275"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/269204275" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Noah Lev <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#269204275">(Jan 25 2022 at 03:15)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="120518">@Eric Huss</span> re the <code>T-dev-tools</code> label: I agree it should be removed from all the rustdoc issues. I've wondered about it in the past too.</p>



<a name="269204363"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/269204363" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Noah Lev <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#269204363">(Jan 25 2022 at 03:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>Re RLS deprecation: I think there's an RFC that lays out the plan, including that (IIRC) r-a is supposed to become "official" before RLS is deprecated. I think it's not yet distributed by rustup?</p>



<a name="269224695"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/269224695" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> bjorn3 <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#269224695">(Jan 25 2022 at 08:45)</a>:</h4>
<p>Rust-analyzer is distributed on rustup  with the nightly toolchain.</p>



<a name="269308268"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18%20meeting/near/269308268" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Noah Lev <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/301329-t-devtools/topic/2022-01-18.20meeting.html#269308268">(Jan 25 2022 at 19:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>Thanks, I didn't realize that!</p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 20:01 UTC</p>
</html>