[
    {
        "content": "<p>Hey <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"281950\">@Aman Arora</span> -- how are things? I just wanted to check-in and see how things were going, what you were working on, and if you felt stuck on anything.</p>",
        "id": 199599836,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591178052
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We should I guess decide how to synchronize on progress -- we could make a kind of regular meeting if that would be helpful, but at least having a shared document with the plans and steps would be good. Since I'm juggling a few things I tend to get a bit confused if I don't have a doc to jump back to to remember what was going on.</p>",
        "id": 199599880,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591178101
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hi, last week has been fairly busy for us and we weren't able to get muc done. Plan is to spend rest of the week investigate the suggestions for HIR Places refactor.</p>\n<p>We have project board here: <a href=\"https://github.com/sexxi-goose/rust/projects/1\">https://github.com/sexxi-goose/rust/projects/1</a></p>\n<p>If you would prefer a shared doc, I can get something started.</p>",
        "id": 199636608,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1591199060
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'd suggest a doodle for planning the meeting and we can discuss how often we want to do sync</p>",
        "id": 199637468,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1591199449
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>a project board seems reasonable</p>",
        "id": 199648221,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591204377
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>If you get a chance can you go over it and see if there is some more concrete ways we can split tasks? It's currently based of the plan you had written here: <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/HNEgTkPlTuy6cb9v29rzIQ\">https://hackmd.io/HNEgTkPlTuy6cb9v29rzIQ</a></p>",
        "id": 199649270,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1591204858
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>OK, I'm jumping back to this topic</p>",
        "id": 200133109,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591638744
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think we should have meeting and discuss some of the refactor work. Can you send out a doodle like last time?</p>",
        "id": 200133615,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1591639031
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I agree, it seems like we need to sync back up</p>",
        "id": 200133626,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591639040
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm also a bit unclear on what has happened thus far</p>",
        "id": 200133632,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591639046
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Mostly the renaming for upvars -&gt; upvars_mentioned, upvars_list -&gt; closure_captures. There is a PR in the works to use closure_captures instead of upvars_mentioned once typechk is done</p>",
        "id": 200133750,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1591639099
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>OK.</p>",
        "id": 200133782,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591639118
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm looking at the project board</p>",
        "id": 200133788,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591639122
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I see a lot of stuff on there :)</p>",
        "id": 200133793,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591639125
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, I tried to separate out everything that was in your plan, into concrete tasks, so that it's easier to add notes and keep track in general. Please let us know if we can split things better.</p>",
        "id": 200133902,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1591639181
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, I am thinking it'd be useful to have a kind of canonical dependency graph so to speak.</p>",
        "id": 200134412,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591639378
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't think github projects supports dependencies, however I added that information in some of the tasks</p>",
        "id": 200134946,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1591639608
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah they don't</p>",
        "id": 200136034,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591640133
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that's ok</p>",
        "id": 200136037,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591640134
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>what's your perception, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"281950\">@Aman Arora</span> -- do you all feel like you're moving at \"full speed\" right now, or do you feel like you're kind of blocked on more feedback?</p>",
        "id": 200136164,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591640188
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think I will try to update the rust-lang/rust tracking issue <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/53488\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/53488</a> to track the plan and progress</p>",
        "id": 200136272,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591640258
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"281950\">@Aman Arora</span> can you send me links to the relevant PRs?</p>",
        "id": 200136618,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591640444
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We are still waiting on feedback for HirPlaces, because everything seems like depends on what would look like.</p>\n<p>Here are the rename PRs:<br>\n<a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/72544\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/72544</a><br>\n<a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/72591\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/72591</a></p>",
        "id": 200137075,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1591640723
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ok, I'm sort of refreshing my memory now</p>",
        "id": 200137314,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591640869
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'll try to write up some details about hir places and so forth</p>",
        "id": 200137373,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591640884
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm trying to decide how I feel about using the rust fork to track this work</p>",
        "id": 200137391,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591640899
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>how would you all feel about creating a wg-rfc-2229 repo in rust-lang?</p>",
        "id": 200137411,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591640906
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I'd give you all write access  to it)</p>",
        "id": 200137424,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591640916
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'd sort of rather consolidate planning and so forth into somewhere \"official\"</p>",
        "id": 200137440,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591640926
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>though I also don't mind if you just want to keep the existing repo and I can write notes and things in hackmds or issues on rust-lang/rust</p>",
        "id": 200137476,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591640955
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and that repo can just be for your internal communication</p>",
        "id": 200137481,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591640959
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Either works, whatever you think will be easier to keep track on in the future, in case someone wants to look back and see things were done a certain way</p>",
        "id": 200137655,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1591641035
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah it's the historical record that makes me want to move it to a rust-lang repo</p>",
        "id": 200137681,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591641050
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/189812-t-compiler.2Fwg-rfc-2229/topic/checking.20in/near/200136164\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>what's your perception, <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"281950\">Aman Arora</span> -- do you all feel like you're moving at \"full speed\" right now, or do you feel like you're kind of blocked on more feedback?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>btw the reason I asked this is that</p>",
        "id": 200137735,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591641083
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think that a regular meeting to kind of \"get updates\" might help if you feel like you are spending time spinning your collective wheels</p>",
        "id": 200137759,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591641098
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I agree regular meetings will help us move faster. I was planning on pinging you for it -- I am waiting on someone to get a clear idea about my week's schedule</p>",
        "id": 200138052,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1591641246
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>OK <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"281950\">@Aman Arora</span> here is a doodle poll <a href=\"https://doodle.com/poll/ur7q994kce9y5675\">https://doodle.com/poll/ur7q994kce9y5675</a> for a 30-minute meeting</p>",
        "id": 200139963,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591641987
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm still waiting on someone to get idea about my Wed/Thursday. I've added my availability for tomorrow.</p>",
        "id": 200148934,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1591646578
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>might honestly be best to start next week anyway</p>",
        "id": 200151532,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591647911
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>though I will put in some more effort to writing up mentoring instructions today</p>",
        "id": 200151548,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591647920
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Thank you :)</p>",
        "id": 200156463,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1591650659
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Everyone on our end who is going to be joining the meeting has responded on the poll (atleast for tomorrow). If that doesn't work we can schedule it for next week</p>",
        "id": 200156497,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1591650678
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"281950\">@Aman Arora</span> I created <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/project-rfc-2229\">https://github.com/rust-lang/project-rfc-2229</a>, and I believe that all of you should have invitations now to the rust org</p>",
        "id": 200157291,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591651133
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://calendar.google.com/event?action=TEMPLATE&amp;tmeid=NnAxZWJoMTBkbW50anJrZmxyMGw5cGk0cWpfMjAyMDA2MDlUMTkzMDAwWiA2dTVycnRjZTZscnR2MDdwZmkzZGFtZ2p1c0Bn&amp;tmsrc=6u5rrtce6lrtv07pfi3damgjus%40group.calendar.google.com&amp;scp=ALL\">added to compiler team calendar</a> -- I can add folks as invites if desired, just ping me w/ e-mail</p>",
        "id": 200158568,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591651832
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I can just send the link to them and I think that works</p>",
        "id": 200160489,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1591653077
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Actually that event is missing details for zoom/meet <br>\nout emails: <a href=\"mailto:chrispardy36@gmail.com\">chrispardy36@gmail.com</a>, <a href=\"mailto:roxane.fruytier@hotmail.com\">roxane.fruytier@hotmail.com</a> and <a href=\"mailto:aman23arora@gmail.com\">aman23arora@gmail.com</a></p>",
        "id": 200161794,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1591653963
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"mailto:dhruvjhr@gmail.com\">dhruvjhr@gmail.com</a></p>",
        "id": 200169711,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1591660523
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I was figuring we could discuss on Zulip, actually, but Zoom is also ok</p>",
        "id": 200235391,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591712679
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe Zoom is better for this meeting at least</p>",
        "id": 200235436,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591712696
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Also, I'm starting to create issues with details on the project-rfc-2229 repo, such as <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/project-rfc-2229/issues/1\">rust-lang/project-rfc-2229#1</a></p>",
        "id": 200240216,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591714430
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Awesome, thank you. I'll try go through them before the meeting.</p>",
        "id": 200243642,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1591715596
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hey <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116118\">@Matthew Jasper</span> not sure if you saw but we're in a Zoom room for today</p>",
        "id": 200278556,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591731132
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>This is what I'm thinking how we split the work a head:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Split Place into <code>PlaceWithId</code>/<code>PlaceUnique</code> and <code>Place</code> (maintain projections as is)</li>\n</ul>\n<p>(Reason I didn't want to use <code>PlaceReference</code> is because <a href=\"https://doc.rust-lang.org/nightly/nightly-rustc/rustc_middle/mir/struct.PlaceRef.html\">mir::PlaceRef</a> exists, it's derived from a mir::Place and has a slice instead of a List for projections)</p>\n<p>Once that is done we can do the following in parallel </p>\n<ul>\n<li>Use Place in ClosureCaptures, the HIR id that is in upvars_mentioned can be accessed from<code>PlaceBase::Upvar(UpvarId::var_path::hir_id)</code></li>\n<li>Represent Projection as <code>{Ty, ProjectionKind}</code></li>\n</ul>\n<p>Once these are done we work on categorizing the projections more precisely again in parallel amongst oursleves. </p>\n<p>Do you think this sounds reasonable? If so I'll add taks that track individul issues for these in <a href=\"https://github.com/orgs/rust-lang/teams/wg-rfc-2229\">https://github.com/orgs/rust-lang/teams/wg-rfc-2229</a> (Project grp in the team will probably allow us to track issues/PRs accross different repos -- assuming clippy will need updating once we update Place).</p>\n<p>Also when you get a chance can you update <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/project-rfc-2229/blob/master/meetings.md\">https://github.com/rust-lang/project-rfc-2229/blob/master/meetings.md</a> with details from Tuesday?</p>",
        "id": 200635880,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1591939258
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"281950\">@Aman Arora</span> that sounds like a good plan. I will update with links indeed</p>",
        "id": 200656351,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591959083
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>my only hesitation is</p>",
        "id": 200656362,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591959093
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>whether we actually need to do that first split,  I guess</p>",
        "id": 200656390,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591959120
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I presume you meant that will add individual issues into the repo (not the github team)?</p>",
        "id": 200656442,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591959136
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>re: clippy, I believe you can actually update that within the rust-lang repo itself</p>",
        "id": 200656453,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591959151
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(because of the new git subtree scheme we've been using)</p>",
        "id": 200656460,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591959161
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> <br>\nWe would have to refactor some of the code again if we use Place in closure_captures before it's split into two structures.</p>\n<p>Mostly because the PlaceBase will now come from <code>PlaceWithHirId.place.place_base</code></p>\n<p>and we need to use <code>PlaceWithId</code> so that we can get span for live nodes in <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/blob/master/src/librustc_passes/liveness.rs#L481\">rustc_passes</a></p>",
        "id": 200689227,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1591977885
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Also I will create issue in the wg rfc repo, and my comment on clippy was purely related to the project based. </p>\n<p>Project board for the team can track issues across multiple repos if I'm not wrong.</p>",
        "id": 200690076,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1591978198
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes the project board should be able to track anything in the org</p>",
        "id": 200706089,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591986095
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but my point is that you don't probably need seprate PRs to clippy</p>",
        "id": 200706095,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591986101
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think one PR to the rust-lang/rust repo should be able to refactor clippy at the same time</p>",
        "id": 200706122,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591986113
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Oh I see, that makes sense</p>",
        "id": 200707473,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1591986753
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>BTW <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"281950\">@Aman Arora</span> there were some other issues that were opened in rustc that I think never made much progress, around changing the \"upvar tuple\" in a closure</p>",
        "id": 200714850,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591990395
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I might move those over the project repo</p>",
        "id": 200714854,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591990398
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think that work can be done in parallel with this other work</p>",
        "id": 200714862,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591990403
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, I think so</p>",
        "id": 200716109,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1591991052
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think a very basic split of place, should be first and then everything can be split into parallel parts</p>",
        "id": 200716331,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1591991181
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>OK, so, the independent refactoring I was referring to is <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/57482\">#57482</a>, and is <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/57482#issuecomment-607164261\">described starting here</a></p>",
        "id": 200721974,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591994372
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"281950\">@Aman Arora</span> are you using a project board to track work? I could  move that issue over from rust-lang/rust to rust-lang/project-rfc-2229</p>",
        "id": 200722011,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591994399
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>done <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/project-rfc-2229/issues/4\">https://github.com/rust-lang/project-rfc-2229/issues/4</a></p>",
        "id": 200722249,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591994525
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Not sure if there is anything else you need to help parallelize effort here -- i.e., does everyone who has time have something they are able to do? :)</p>",
        "id": 200722533,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591994728
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Another thing i'd like to say is</p>",
        "id": 200722544,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591994737
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if it would be helpful, we could schedule time to do a bit of pair coding</p>",
        "id": 200722552,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591994749
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>That's what we have been doing, we use vscode liveshare</p>",
        "id": 200722667,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1591994819
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think there is enough to keep all of us busy for a bit, I'll go through the issue you have linked.</p>",
        "id": 200722856,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1591994927
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I have been a little busy today, but I'll try get the project board setup by EOD.</p>",
        "id": 200722901,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1591994965
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I can't seem to create a project within the team, can you create one and I'll add the details</p>",
        "id": 200726066,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1591996962
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok</p>",
        "id": 200726072,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591996969
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>do you want the Basic kanban template?</p>",
        "id": 200726106,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591997001
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think that works, as far as I know you can update automation</p>",
        "id": 200726475,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1591997266
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/project-rfc-2229/projects/1?add_cards_query=is%3Aopen\">https://github.com/rust-lang/project-rfc-2229/projects/1?add_cards_query=is%3Aopen</a></p>",
        "id": 200726541,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591997285
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I made it automated kanban</p>",
        "id": 200726548,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591997290
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>though I don't quite get why you were not able to make it yourself</p>",
        "id": 200726571,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591997315
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>as far as I can tell, we both have the same Write permission</p>",
        "id": 200726787,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591997484
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ooooh, I was trying to create the project through the team and not with the repo</p>",
        "id": 200726811,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1591997503
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>heh ok</p>",
        "id": 200727058,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591997646
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span>  I have updated the project table, included as much detail that I know. It's correct best to my knowledge/understanding but can you please go over then to ensure that I details right especially for <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/project-rfc-2229/issues/7\">use hir::Places in closure_captures</a></p>",
        "id": 200738713,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1592006656
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think it seems right</p>",
        "id": 200928647,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1592246276
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>thanks</p>",
        "id": 200928788,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1592246373
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Last week was really busy for us and we didn't end up making too much progress. I think it might be better to cancel this week's sync. Sorry for not notifying earlier.</p>\n<p>From what I know, we'll begin the place refactor <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/project-rfc-2229/issues/3\">#3</a> today/tomorrow and we have some progress on using typechk tables for captures <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/project-rfc-2229/issues/6\">#6</a> here: <a href=\"https://github.com/sexxi-goose/rust/tree/change_upvars_to_typeck_tables_of\">https://github.com/sexxi-goose/rust/tree/change_upvars_to_typeck_tables_of</a></p>\n<p>Work on categorizing upvar access <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/project-rfc-2229/issues/12\">#12</a> will probably begin later this week.</p>",
        "id": 201048022,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1592328365
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>OK</p>",
        "id": 201078536,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1592344112
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span>  Just an update on our progress: </p>\n<ul>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/project-rfc-2229/issues/3\">#3</a> got merged, thank you for reviewing so quickly. </li>\n<li>\n<p>We closed <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/project-rfc-2229/issues/12\">#12</a> as it was a non-issue. </p>\n</li>\n<li>\n<p>Dhruv and Chris looked at <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/project-rfc-2229/issues/2\">#2</a> a bit last week and will discuss more and hopefully begin work tomorrow evening. </p>\n</li>\n<li>\n<p>Archer and Roxane have started on <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/project-rfc-2229/issues/5\">#5</a> today and plumbing the type information around. From what I know they are having some python errors and fighting their local build env.</p>\n</li>\n<li>\n<p>Jenny, Logan and I will probably make some progress on <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/project-rfc-2229/issues/7\">#7</a> tonight but from the looks of it, we will most likely be constructing the ClosureCaptures map from information passed to InferBorrowKind after we walk the body using ExprUseVisitor instead of before walking body. (As far as I can see closure_captures isn't used within typeck until at the very end in writeback so should'be fine)</p>\n</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 201662571,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1592860814
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>OK, do we plan to meet tomorrow?</p>",
        "id": 201664196,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1592861772
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I believe that indeed you cannot construct the closure captures map until we've finished walking the body, since I think you have to accumulate all the information</p>",
        "id": 201664250,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1592861816
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yes currently we were just relying on <code>upvars_mentioned</code>, but we don't generate any Places until we start walking</p>",
        "id": 201664315,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1592861873
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>There isn't really much I think we have on end, I have one question that i asked on the upvar-access-span thread</p>",
        "id": 201665116,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1592862462
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> not sure if you got booked over this meeting. But couple things came up late last night. If you have time, it would be great if we can discuss them, if not we can do this next week. whichever works for you.</p>",
        "id": 201771880,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1592940944
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"281950\">@Aman Arora</span> I'm available sorry</p>",
        "id": 201772445,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1592941242
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>still around?</p>",
        "id": 201772446,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1592941243
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah</p>",
        "id": 201772473,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1592941265
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>want to chat on zoom? or zulip</p>",
        "id": 201772487,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1592941274
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Either works</p>",
        "id": 201772520,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1592941299
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Let's do Zulip if that works for you</p>",
        "id": 201772588,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1592941322
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Okay</p>",
        "id": 201772611,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1592941338
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think that topic went a little out of the scope, so pulling it here</p>",
        "id": 202146954,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1593208437
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We have a deliverable heavy monday/tuesday and might need to move the sync meeting a day or week later, just so that those who are attending have better context. I'll check in with them and try let you know by Monday</p>",
        "id": 202147053,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1593208487
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok I would actually prefer that</p>",
        "id": 202147302,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593208640
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>this particular Tuesday is my daughter's birthday so...</p>",
        "id": 202147333,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593208664
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm pretty available on Wednesday</p>",
        "id": 202147412,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593208700
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>That's fair, we can discuss details Monday/Tuesday. I'll need to check in with who will be attending the meeting  about that time that works for all.</p>\n<p>Happy birthday to her in advance :)</p>",
        "id": 202147504,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1593208775
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span>  can you send a doodle to schedule a meeting this week? Wednesday looks like should be good for most of us, but would be good to include Thursday and Friday as well. Thank you</p>",
        "id": 202365424,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1593463375
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"281950\">@Aman Arora</span> <a href=\"https://doodle.com/poll/5asct3rk8af4vsvm\">doodle link</a></p>",
        "id": 202475379,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593541267
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>thank you</p>",
        "id": 202475513,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1593541338
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think everyone has responded for Tomorrow, Jul  1 2:00 PM-2:30 PM</p>",
        "id": 202502483,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1593555644
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>OK, I think we can do that slot. It's not the most convenient for me but I think it should work ok.</p>",
        "id": 202573717,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593612960
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'll make a calendar event!</p>",
        "id": 202573993,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593613086
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Thank you for making the time</p>",
        "id": 202584084,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1593617884
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"281950\">@Aman Arora</span> I'm in the room, the link is in the calendar invite</p>",
        "id": 202602343,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593626501
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>er hmm</p>",
        "id": 202602365,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593626511
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe I'm in the wong one ;)</p>",
        "id": 202602369,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593626513
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm merging both the projection and closure-capture doc</p>",
        "id": 202607699,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1593628947
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://youtu.be/TBDrWFhcYWY\">recording from today's meeting available</a></p>\n<div class=\"youtube-video message_inline_image\"><a data-id=\"TBDrWFhcYWY\" href=\"https://youtu.be/TBDrWFhcYWY\"><img src=\"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/TBDrWFhcYWY/default.jpg\"></a></div>",
        "id": 202641485,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1593652655
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Thank you</p>",
        "id": 202641537,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1593652690
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> Archer had pushed a commit for <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/73870\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/73870</a> to resolve CI errors (missing changes in clippy). </p>\n<p>I think you have to  approve the new commit. <a href=\"https://buildbot2.rust-lang.org/homu/queue/rust\">https://buildbot2.rust-lang.org/homu/queue/rust</a> shows that the PR is not approved</p>",
        "id": 202888434,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1593891672
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"281950\">@Aman Arora</span> r+'d</p>",
        "id": 203053093,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594078213
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Thanks</p>",
        "id": 203053195,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1594078322
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span>  <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116118\">@Matthew Jasper</span>  <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/74140\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/74140</a> can you take another look?</p>",
        "id": 203993545,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1594837482
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"281950\">@Aman Arora</span> I was on vacation last week, sorry, back now, but it's merged! <span aria-label=\"tada\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f389\" role=\"img\" title=\"tada\">:tada:</span></p>",
        "id": 204217614,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594998638
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Thanks. </p>\n<p>Do yoiu have any tips for how we can go about debugging the MIR Build issue I describe here: <a href=\"#narrow/stream/122651-general/topic/Debugging.20broken.20MIR/near/204178630\">https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/122651-general/topic/Debugging.20broken.20MIR/near/204178630</a></p>",
        "id": 204229438,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1595004050
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span>  there is a meeting scheduled for September 1st,  will you be available for it? If not that's fine, the team isn't still back yet. </p>\n<p>Things that I have in mind to discuss over the next little bit:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>[ ] Alternate time, preferrably before 12PM EST<br>\n    - else, Dhruv/ Archer might attend these instead (might still require time changes, but would be more flexible)</li>\n<li>[ ] Discuss closure output: <a href=\"#narrow/stream/189812-t-compiler.2Fwg-rfc-2229/topic/Closure.20pretty.20print.20project-rfc-2229.2315\">https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/189812-t-compiler.2Fwg-rfc-2229/topic/Closure.20pretty.20print.20project-rfc-2229.2315</a></li>\n<li>\n<p>[ ] Discuss language changes:  <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/project-rfc-2229/pull/16\">https://github.com/rust-lang/project-rfc-2229/pull/16</a></p>\n</li>\n<li>\n<p>[ ] Diagnostics for <a href=\"#narrow/stream/189812-t-compiler.2Fwg-rfc-2229/topic/minimal.20capture.20.239.3A.20interesting.20example\">https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/189812-t-compiler.2Fwg-rfc-2229/topic/minimal.20capture.20.239.3A.20interesting.20example</a><br>\n    - Current behavior: <a href=\"https://play.rust-lang.org/?version=stable&amp;mode=debug&amp;edition=2018&amp;gist=a76d8cc2179e04f2698944185da4d49e\">https://play.rust-lang.org/?version=stable&amp;mode=debug&amp;edition=2018&amp;gist=a76d8cc2179e04f2698944185da4d49e</a><br>\n    - For <code>c2</code> we will say <code>p.y</code> borrowed immutably <br>\n    - For <code>c1</code> if we point at <code>p.x += 10</code> and say <code>p</code> was borrowed mutably, this feels incorrect from a post RFC-2229 perspective only <code>p.x</code> should be captured by that line.<br>\n    - For <code>c1</code> if we point at <code>p.x += 10</code> and say <code>p.x</code> was borrowed mutably, it makes me feel that those are disjoint and per RFC-2229, this should work.<br>\n    - My thoughts are around: pointing at <code>p.x</code> and <code>p</code> in <code>c1</code>, and say something around the lines that to make this work <code>p</code> was borrowed mutably, which is then later used immutably by p.y.</p>\n</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 208269795,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1598559144
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"281950\">@Aman Arora</span> I think I would be available, yes, but if people aren't here we could try to discuss async instead</p>",
        "id": 208269837,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1598559171
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>That works too. We also might need to reschedule our weekly syncs, I'm starting an internship on the 14th Sept, so I will be available only before 12PM EST on weekdays. Dhruv and Archer will have a better idea about their schedule once school starts on 7th Sept, but they might just attend the meetings going forward</p>",
        "id": 208270173,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1598559344
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it'd be ok to reschedule</p>",
        "id": 208270200,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1598559360
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Sweet :)</p>",
        "id": 208270266,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1598559372
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>just to confirm, you all still plan to stay engaged on the project? I'm not sure at what point you run out of time</p>",
        "id": 208270267,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1598559373
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We'll still be engaged, yes. It will just be difficult for most us to attend the Rust meetings during work hours (approx 9am-5pm/12-8 pm EST)</p>",
        "id": 208270335,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1598559412
    }
]