[
    {
        "content": "<p>Hey all!</p>\n<p>The lang team is holding the next planning meeting on July 7th (next week), and is looking for updates from the active projects. Please leave one on your issue on the lang-team repo: <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/lang-team/issues/50\">https://github.com/rust-lang/lang-team/issues/50</a> -- thanks!</p>\n<p>Good questions to consider:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>What are recent topics of discussion?</li>\n<li>Any exciting developments since the last check-in?</li>\n<li>Any points where the group is stuck and the lang-team could weigh in?</li>\n<li>Any potential design meeting topics?</li>\n<li>Any other concerns?</li>\n</ul>\n<p>No worries if there's not been any significant progress since the last update.</p>",
        "id": 244219181,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1624924843
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"281950\">@Aman Arora</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> Looks like there's not been an update posted yet, do you think it's possible to do so by the 7th?</p>",
        "id": 244978817,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1625524130
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yes, I'll add something probably tomorrow, I want to checkin with niko if there is someting that requires design meeting</p>",
        "id": 244979080,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1625524475
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think not-- the main thing I think we have to summarize is</p>\n<ul>\n<li>lots of progress squelching small bugs in the implementation</li>\n<li>it's now part of the edition</li>\n<li>we are working to add material to the reference and to create a concise, formal definition of what gets  captured and what doesn't (separate from the code)</li>\n<li>we tested the size of closures and discovered one critical optimization </li>\n<li>after optimization closures appear largely unchanged, but we added a useful feature to measure and are going to ask people to do so</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 245020023,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1625567405
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"281950\">@Aman Arora</span> sound about right? <span aria-label=\"point up\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f446\" role=\"img\" title=\"point up\">:point_up:</span></p>",
        "id": 245020054,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1625567420
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Looks about what I was thinking</p>",
        "id": 245020440,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1625567655
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'll copy this over to the issue</p>",
        "id": 245020463,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1625567684
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>adding a few more details on closures, or a link to the spreadsheet, would be good</p>",
        "id": 245020667,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1625567806
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yup done that</p>",
        "id": 245020832,
        "sender_full_name": "Aman Arora",
        "timestamp": 1625567908
    }
]