<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>lang team planning meeting update · t-compiler/const-eval · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/146212-t-compiler/const-eval/index.html">t-compiler/const-eval</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/146212-t-compiler/const-eval/topic/lang.20team.20planning.20meeting.20update.html">lang team planning meeting update</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="238565352"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/146212-t-compiler/const-eval/topic/lang%20team%20planning%20meeting%20update/near/238565352" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/146212-t-compiler/const-eval/topic/lang.20team.20planning.20meeting.20update.html#238565352">(May 13 2021 at 00:43)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hey <span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="1916">@WG-const-eval</span> -- if somebody could post an update to <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/lang-team/issues/22">https://github.com/rust-lang/lang-team/issues/22</a> before next Wednesday, it would be much appreciated! That is the next lang-team planning meeting.</p>



<a name="244218544"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/146212-t-compiler/const-eval/topic/lang%20team%20planning%20meeting%20update/near/244218544" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/146212-t-compiler/const-eval/topic/lang.20team.20planning.20meeting.20update.html#244218544">(Jun 28 2021 at 23:49)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hey all!</p>
<p>The lang team is holding the next planning meeting on July 7th (next week), and is looking for updates from the active projects. Please leave them on your issue on the lang-team repo: <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/lang-team/issues/22">https://github.com/rust-lang/lang-team/issues/22</a></p>
<p>Good questions to consider:</p>
<ul>
<li>What are recent topics of discussion?</li>
<li>Any exciting developments since the last check-in?</li>
<li>Any points where the group is stuck and the lang-team could weigh in?</li>
<li>Any potential design meeting topics?</li>
<li>Any other concerns?</li>
</ul>
<p>No worries if there's not been any significant progress since the last update.</p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 20:01 UTC</p>
</html>