[
    {
        "content": "<p>Hey all! We just had a libs meeting to help bootstrap a new home for the team. Is this the right place to go to set up a <code>rust-lang/libs</code> repo and get some guidance on how we should be organizing to keep activities visible and consistent in the wider project?</p>",
        "id": 205280425,
        "sender_full_name": "Ashley Mannix",
        "timestamp": 1595964879
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The repo can be created immediately if you'd like</p>",
        "id": 205281540,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1595965488
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(probably libs-team, in keeping with compiler-team, infra-team, release-team and lang-team repos)</p>",
        "id": 205281597,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1595965519
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/libs-team/\">https://github.com/rust-lang/libs-team/</a> is created and libs has maintain access</p>",
        "id": 205281791,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1595965614
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Thanks! Thatâ€™s awesome ðŸ™‚</p>",
        "id": 205281834,
        "sender_full_name": "Ashley Mannix",
        "timestamp": 1595965637
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>to my knowledge there's not a consistent set of \"things\" you should do in such a repo, but I would take a look at <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/lang-team\">https://github.com/rust-lang/lang-team</a> and <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/\">https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/</a> (and maybe copy their CI setups and such)</p>",
        "id": 205281861,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1595965658
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>There's also the project group template.  <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/project-group-template\">https://github.com/rust-lang/project-group-template</a></p>",
        "id": 205282643,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1595966057
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Which has a lot of the same structure.</p>",
        "id": 205282673,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1595966079
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So should our charter/processes we come up with initially become an RFC?</p>",
        "id": 205282934,
        "sender_full_name": "Ashley Mannix",
        "timestamp": 1595966235
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"204346\">@Ashley Mannix</span>  I think that makes the most sense as it should have consensus among the team.</p>",
        "id": 205284113,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1595966855
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"204346\">@Ashley Mannix</span> You might also want to look at the new content <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> made for the lang team on making a project. I think it covers a lot of the same stuff discussed at the libs meeting. <a href=\"https://lang-team.rust-lang.org/proposing_a_project.html\">https://lang-team.rust-lang.org/proposing_a_project.html</a></p>",
        "id": 205295145,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1595973138
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"204346\">@Ashley Mannix</span> cool, this is exciting!</p>",
        "id": 205401412,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1596050318
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Is there a meeting where things were discussed and can I read more about it?</p>",
        "id": 205401439,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1596050332
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> <br>\nMinutes: <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/nfO1epfGSNu_rWMIxCW3Xg\">https://hackmd.io/nfO1epfGSNu_rWMIxCW3Xg</a><br>\nZulip topic: <a href=\"#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/time.20for.20libs.20meeting\">https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/219381-t-libs/topic/time.20for.20libs.20meeting</a></p>",
        "id": 205407066,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1596053202
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Sorry the notes are pretty nebulous!</p>",
        "id": 205417419,
        "sender_full_name": "Ashley Mannix",
        "timestamp": 1596059105
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Do we know if the compiler team set up their shared calendar from their rust-lang email group? Or do we just create one from any random email and share it?</p>",
        "id": 205540122,
        "sender_full_name": "Ashley Mannix",
        "timestamp": 1596148200
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think I just created it from my personal gmail</p>",
        "id": 205591301,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1596203104
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't claim that's the <em>right</em> way to go about it :)</p>",
        "id": 205591323,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1596203117
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>[deleted]</p>",
        "id": 205605505,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1596209647
    }
]