[
    {
        "content": "<p>Hello everyone,</p>\n<p>It's time for the bi-weekly <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"2317\">@WG-governance</span> meeting! React/Reply with <span aria-label=\"wave\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44b\" role=\"img\" title=\"wave\">:wave:</span> to indicate your attendance. Todays agenda can found in the <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/ATj1rZJaRimaIfIWfAOYfQ\">hackmd</a>, I've also pasted it below for convienence.</p>\n<h3>Followup From Last Meeting</h3>\n<ul>\n<li>Domain WG retrospective<br>\n    - Received some feedback<br>\n    - Need to change the <code>wg-leads</code> mailing list.</li>\n</ul>\n<h3>Proposed Topics</h3>\n<ul>\n<li>Continue fleshing out definition of WG</li>\n<li>Discussion of visibility of resources </li>\n<li>Effective discussion of contested RFCs</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 199777535,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1591289992
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I may have duck out at some point during the meeting for 10–15 minutes, if that happens I would love if someone could take the lead.</p>",
        "id": 199777825,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1591290107
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Argh, I just realized I never posted my comment to those who had applied for domain WG</p>",
        "id": 199778072,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591290200
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I can do that</p>",
        "id": 199778075,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591290201
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Should we start with the Domain WG feedback I guess?</p>",
        "id": 199778252,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591290269
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>To start with our first topic on the Domain WG retrospective. Going through the feedback was less fruitful or at least there was nothing that particularly stood out to me, though it was still interesting. Did anyone else have a chance to read through them?</p>",
        "id": 199778257,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1591290271
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(Looks like we're not a big group today)</p>",
        "id": 199778267,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591290276
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm skimming again</p>",
        "id": 199778288,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591290285
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>one thing to note is that we got a mix of what I would call \"true domain working groups\" and other working groups (e.g., the compiler's MIR optimization WG)</p>",
        "id": 199778347,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591290314
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I've come to believe the line is a bit less clear between the two anyhow</p>",
        "id": 199778387,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591290327
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think my main takeaway is that compiler working groups should not be on <code>wg-leads</code>, or at least there should be a separate mailing list for domain WGs.</p>",
        "id": 199778398,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1591290332
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Sorry, had to reboot, here now</p>",
        "id": 199778399,
        "sender_full_name": "Nell Shamrell-Harrington",
        "timestamp": 1591290333
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Daniel Egger's response made me think \"maybe this domain-group should actually be a project group\".</p>",
        "id": 199778585,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1591290421
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>which .. embedded?</p>",
        "id": 199778615,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591290443
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think so...he mentions embedded</p>",
        "id": 199778639,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1591290456
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The \"tighter integration w/ the Rust core &amp; lang teams\" comment makes me think \"hm, a liaison would fulfill this need\"</p>",
        "id": 199778691,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1591290482
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It feels like the 'canonical example' of a successful group that is <em>not</em> oriented around a clear set of projects (or at least they've been doing a good job of creating new projects)</p>",
        "id": 199778726,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591290483
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>However,</p>",
        "id": 199778738,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591290488
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I do feel that it would've been better to have \"representatives\" from lang etc, at least <em>in theory</em></p>",
        "id": 199778770,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591290507
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I guess it also depends on the role</p>",
        "id": 199778797,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591290524
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess I think we've not had a super lot of intercommunication</p>",
        "id": 199778825,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591290533
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>to the extend that embedded is focused on creating libraries and things to support embedded targets, such communication isn't needed --</p>",
        "id": 199778839,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591290549
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I would agree with that would also reflect what <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"228912\">@James Munns</span> said there feedback about it being nicer if it felt more integrated.</p>",
        "id": 199778881,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1591290573
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but there are definitely cases where it makes sense, and I guess we've kind of handled them by cc'ing the right people</p>",
        "id": 199778882,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591290573
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm trying to remember where we left it, I feel like we kind of retreat some of the same ground each time we talk about this</p>",
        "id": 199778936,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591290601
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I am trying to think how to \"structure\" to make clearer progress =)</p>",
        "id": 199778999,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591290612
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>otoh it does seem lke we've kind of come to some conclusions, e.g., we don't think the \"application process\" was a big success</p>",
        "id": 199779026,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591290633
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>though I was thinking about the overlap between that and the process i'm proposing for lang-team RFCs</p>",
        "id": 199779079,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591290666
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hm. Actually, I think I was looking at Oli's groups when I thought that they should be project groups. They sound pretty project-like: mir-opt, const-eval, diagnostic</p>",
        "id": 199779080,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1591290667
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah so those are all compiler working groups</p>",
        "id": 199779096,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591290676
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>they are actually a distinct category in some sense, which is what <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"219696\">@XAMPPRocky</span> was saying</p>",
        "id": 199779110,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591290685
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>though we conflate them into one mailing list</p>",
        "id": 199779122,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591290690
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ah</p>",
        "id": 199779129,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1591290696
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>though there is <em>some</em> overlap in my view</p>",
        "id": 199779154,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591290708
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it's hard to categorize things :)</p>",
        "id": 199779163,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591290716
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>basically there's often overlap betwen \"pure compiler\" efforts and \"the lang team\", I guess</p>",
        "id": 199779231,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591290733
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> How do they overlap with domain WGs?</p>",
        "id": 199779333,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1591290791
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The structure we've discussed for project groups still makes sense to me for those projects: charter, liaison, &amp; discussion w/ all relevant teams</p>",
        "id": 199779359,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1591290806
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm thinking more of things like \"error handling\" or \"async I/O\"</p>",
        "id": 199779386,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591290817
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>than things like \"compiler diagnostics\"</p>",
        "id": 199779405,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591290825
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and I think the major thing I see is that they're kind of \"cross-cutting\"</p>",
        "id": 199779424,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591290838
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I have a question, do we have .. like a paper doc or hackmd that we're using to try and \"document the scope\" of this conversation? I think probably not?</p>",
        "id": 199779534,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591290878
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe we can turn a bit meta</p>",
        "id": 199779543,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591290882
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ah I see what you mean now.</p>",
        "id": 199779550,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1591290883
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't think we have a paper doc or hackmd that we're using to try and document the scope</p>",
        "id": 199779618,
        "sender_full_name": "Nell Shamrell-Harrington",
        "timestamp": 1591290922
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Happy to start one</p>",
        "id": 199779623,
        "sender_full_name": "Nell Shamrell-Harrington",
        "timestamp": 1591290924
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> I assume you mean an overrarching document on domain WGs? I don't believe so but we should  start one.</p>",
        "id": 199779628,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1591290926
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>on it</p>",
        "id": 199779638,
        "sender_full_name": "Nell Shamrell-Harrington",
        "timestamp": 1591290932
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>like I think what would be helpful is if we were able to kind of map out:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>what is our goal</li>\n<li>what are some of the questions we've settled</li>\n<li>what are some of the things we're still discussing and what are the current thoughts about them</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 199779659,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591290940
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>a paper or hackmd is often a good way to get started on that...</p>",
        "id": 199779686,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591290956
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Domain-Working-Group-Scoping--A1SjWOx8Y_ego4~clsn2MBDaAg-LHeTtnyfLesp1lLbv4jUY\">https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Domain-Working-Group-Scoping--A1SjWOx8Y_ego4~clsn2MBDaAg-LHeTtnyfLesp1lLbv4jUY</a></p>",
        "id": 199779817,
        "sender_full_name": "Nell Shamrell-Harrington",
        "timestamp": 1591291008
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"120076\">BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-06-04/near/199779359\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>The structure we've discussed for project groups still makes sense to me for those projects: charter, liaison, &amp; discussion w/ all relevant teams</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Relatedly something I think that would be worth discussing is how to provide some kind of transition for older groups.</p>",
        "id": 199779871,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1591291034
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>heh I'm having a bit of trouble figuring out to even phrase the goal :)</p>",
        "id": 199780036,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591291096
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess one of them would be like \"what to do with domain wgs\" but I think that's kind of narrow</p>",
        "id": 199780049,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591291104
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I feel like it's something like:</p>",
        "id": 199780057,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591291107
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>to propose how Rust governance model should include focused/cross-cutting groups</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 199780098,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591291124
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or maybe that already tells something</p>",
        "id": 199780163,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591291154
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>like, it's maybe useful for us to go over what goals we are trying to achieve w/ domain WGs (and other Gs) in the first place, right?</p>",
        "id": 199780211,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591291173
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>FWIW i don't think i got access to the domain WG responses?</p>",
        "id": 199780785,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1591291417
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'll add you, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"132040\">@Manish Goregaokar</span></p>",
        "id": 199780829,
        "sender_full_name": "Nell Shamrell-Harrington",
        "timestamp": 1591291431
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"249394\">@Val Grimm</span> was adding perms one by one, I'll add ya-- ok, Nell will :)</p>",
        "id": 199780845,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591291436
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I can add Manish</p>",
        "id": 199780928,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1591291465
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Also there was a new one today</p>",
        "id": 199780938,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1591291469
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>sorry for the delay, there was an issue</p>",
        "id": 199780951,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1591291478
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>OK, I wrote my take on the Domain WG application process in <a href=\"https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Domain-Working-Group-Scope--A1QeqLbT4gX_0E0gkyrB_5rUAg-LHeTtnyfLesp1lLbv4jUY\">the paper doc</a></p>",
        "id": 199780971,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591291488
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Already added - sent to your gmail, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"132040\">@Manish Goregaokar</span></p>",
        "id": 199780974,
        "sender_full_name": "Nell Shamrell-Harrington",
        "timestamp": 1591291491
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>curious if others agree with that or have things to add</p>",
        "id": 199780991,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591291498
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh....looks like what I did was ask <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"249394\">@Val Grimm</span> to add Manish to the doc</p>",
        "id": 199781021,
        "sender_full_name": "Nell Shamrell-Harrington",
        "timestamp": 1591291511
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think only <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"249394\">@Val Grimm</span> has permissions to add people</p>",
        "id": 199781053,
        "sender_full_name": "Nell Shamrell-Harrington",
        "timestamp": 1591291528
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I can fix that, but for now I added Manish</p>",
        "id": 199781079,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1591291540
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'll read back over this, I have to deal with a thing first</p>",
        "id": 199781102,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1591291550
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Well my first thought is around project groups (of course). Projects groups are a way of building groups around cross-cutting concerns between the teams, or for a team to split up responsibilities around its projects or a particular concept.</p>",
        "id": 199781116,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1591291559
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(Also at some point need to know what to respond to folks, as I waited to hear what was said here)</p>",
        "id": 199781122,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1591291561
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> I think that last paragraph hits the nail on the head.</p>",
        "id": 199781193,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1591291580
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think there's another side too, that's similar to the last point</p>",
        "id": 199781283,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591291618
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>which is that -- well, it ties into the question of \"what are we hoping to achieve with groups\", but I suspect part of the answer will be</p>",
        "id": 199781330,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591291635
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>help steer the teams to better support domains, achieve goals, etc</p>",
        "id": 199781366,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591291644
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and that implies some \"tighter connections\" to teams maybe, as we've been talking about,</p>",
        "id": 199781399,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591291656
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>which again suggests that, well, we can't focus on everything, that's no focus at all</p>",
        "id": 199781439,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591291670
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess it's sort of the same point :)</p>",
        "id": 199781459,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591291678
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It seems like half these email responses are talking about non-domain WGs?</p>",
        "id": 199781575,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1591291716
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that's because the wg-leads mailing list</p>",
        "id": 199781622,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591291742
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I would also add to better distribute a given team's work load and to make an individuals responsibilities more transparent.</p>",
        "id": 199781647,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1591291750
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>includes too many folks :)</p>",
        "id": 199781651,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591291750
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(see above)</p>",
        "id": 199781658,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591291754
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or at least domain working groups are not a concept in the team repo</p>",
        "id": 199781681,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591291762
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok so maybe we can turn to the \"reasons for groups\" a bit...</p>",
        "id": 199781715,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591291778
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>brb</p>",
        "id": 199781901,
        "sender_full_name": "Nell Shamrell-Harrington",
        "timestamp": 1591291828
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I want to add something else</p>",
        "id": 199782058,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591291883
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm curious if others agree ;)</p>",
        "id": 199782067,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591291888
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think that part of the purpose of a domain WG like embedded probalby <em>is</em> to develop projects --</p>",
        "id": 199782089,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591291898
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>especially to fill missing gaps in tooling or ecosystem</p>",
        "id": 199782102,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591291906
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but perhaps also to help bridge differences where needed</p>",
        "id": 199782119,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591291914
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>this has been something that's tricky to approach, but it seems obvious it's sometimes needed, and I think we should admit that</p>",
        "id": 199782178,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591291930
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> yes</p>",
        "id": 199782272,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1591291973
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah I would definitely agree with that, even if not intentional I think some of the biggest impacts Working Groups have had is the developer tools they built for their domain.</p>",
        "id": 199782273,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1591291974
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think I said something along the lines of \"the purpose of domain groups should be to spawn project groups\" a few weeks ago</p>",
        "id": 199782280,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1591291977
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> this is how CLI and embedded have both operated; as a focal point for missing projects</p>",
        "id": 199782333,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1591292001
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that has worked well</p>",
        "id": 199782360,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1591292012
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it seems to me that a <em>project group</em> is really a subunit of other things and is a distinct concept, in that it is pursuing a specific idea</p>",
        "id": 199782369,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591292016
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it's unclear how _official_ that needs to be for cases where it is not a team priority</p>",
        "id": 199782396,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1591292030
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes I mean I think it's a good example of why</p>",
        "id": 199782407,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591292039
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we don't want to be doing this lightly</p>",
        "id": 199782442,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591292042
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>because that's not always an easy thing to do</p>",
        "id": 199782460,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591292047
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> this was always my impression, what we used to call subteam WG is very different from the domain WGs</p>",
        "id": 199782461,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1591292047
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>back!</p>",
        "id": 199782464,
        "sender_full_name": "Nell Shamrell-Harrington",
        "timestamp": 1591292048
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"132040\">@Manish Goregaokar</span> so I said <em>project group</em> for a reason</p>",
        "id": 199782493,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591292062
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> yep! \"what we used to call subteam wg\"</p>",
        "id": 199782524,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1591292074
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>those are basically all PGs in my understanding of things</p>",
        "id": 199782555,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1591292090
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>even if we don't call them that yet</p>",
        "id": 199782565,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1591292095
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>either PGs or just subteams without a leader</p>",
        "id": 199782592,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1591292114
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I was raising up \"error handling\" and \"async I/O\" as examples of things that feel a bit different</p>",
        "id": 199782605,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591292122
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that could be more like a CLI/embedded domain</p>",
        "id": 199782617,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591292129
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah</p>",
        "id": 199782715,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1591292165
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that said, within the compiler team, we're also talking about trying to create groups focused on areas of the compiler (e.g., MIR optimizations), which are a bit different in that they're not <em>project-focused</em>, they're more something that gives rise to projects, but \"subteams\" might even be a reasonable term, idk, we can leave them out for now probably :)</p>",
        "id": 199782730,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591292172
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I wonder if a role of domain WGs is also to give people a place to talk?</p>",
        "id": 199782823,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591292231
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(like, idk, maybe having a CLI WG is a good way for the author of clap + some other argument parsing tool to talk and figure out a common interface?)</p>",
        "id": 199782866,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591292256
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah. and/or an incubation ground for a new project</p>",
        "id": 199783079,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1591292349
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>they are good ways to find smaller groups of people with domain context/knowledge</p>",
        "id": 199783081,
        "sender_full_name": "Nell Shamrell-Harrington",
        "timestamp": 1591292353
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think that last point of \"give people a place to talk\"</p>",
        "id": 199783110,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591292366
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>is perhaps <em>often</em> (but not always?) what some of the \"applications\" we saw were looking for?</p>",
        "id": 199783133,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591292376
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>strawman proposal riffing off of niko's framing: these are community groups, and all they are is a mailing list, not a part of the team structure</p>",
        "id": 199783165,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1591292392
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hm, probably? Probably.</p>",
        "id": 199783171,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1591292394
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Maybe the problem is that the messaging around working groups is that it feels like \"The Rust project is now the de facto error handling group\", when really I think what we'd like to be just to be more involved and promote discussions.</p>",
        "id": 199783235,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1591292409
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>mentioned on the website as a \"wanna get involved in the CLI ecosystem? check out this repo\"</p>",
        "id": 199783240,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1591292411
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"132040\">@Manish Goregaokar</span> Even that strawman form doesn't seem unreasonable to me</p>",
        "id": 199783243,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1591292412
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah</p>",
        "id": 199783249,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1591292418
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>repo and/or chat group</p>",
        "id": 199783257,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1591292424
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so it seems like this is kind of <em>effectively</em> what the groups are <em>now</em>, except that we do have e.g. Zulip streams for those who want it</p>",
        "id": 199783304,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591292457
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"219696\">@XAMPPRocky</span> yes. if you notice the CLI wg, it never really did \"de facto crates\", it just improved the existing ecosystem. embedding did similar stuff and it also spent time poking the lang team</p>",
        "id": 199783316,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1591292465
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"219696\">XAMPPRocky</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-06-04/near/199783235\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Maybe the problem is that the messaging around working groups is that it feels like \"The Rust project is now the de facto error handling group\", when really I think what we'd like to be just to be more involved and promote discussions.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I don't quite understand this</p>",
        "id": 199783367,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591292488
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"132040\">@Manish Goregaokar</span> I'm going to sketch out the \"Community group\" idea at the bottom of doc</p>",
        "id": 199783427,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591292515
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it's definitely an idea that's come up before</p>",
        "id": 199783436,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591292521
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess I would maybe go even more minimal and say</p>",
        "id": 199783676,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591292641
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i ALSO like the idea of making these be sponsored by existing teams, and to do that you need a liason from the team whose responsibility it is to keep the parent team updated on an infrequent basis and also ensure the group follows the coc</p>",
        "id": 199783723,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1591292647
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> Maybe I should phrase it better. In the past when these working groups were announced, the community sentiment I noticed around those announcements was the those groups were the \"be all and end all\" for that domain.</p>",
        "id": 199783725,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1591292649
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>a community group could <em>just</em> be a listing of folks who ask to be included, people can easily enough make their own Zulip instance, github org, etc</p>",
        "id": 199783760,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591292669
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>^ i agree. we had a lot of this for async. less so for cli because the cli ecosystem _existed_, but was involved in the group and was happy for the help</p>",
        "id": 199783790,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1591292683
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> yeah this is better imo</p>",
        "id": 199783802,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1591292689
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"132040\">@Manish Goregaokar</span> I'm thinking more in this direction, I think. That is, rather than \"scale back\" what a domain WG means, scale it <strong>up</strong> just a bit</p>",
        "id": 199783805,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591292690
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yep'</p>",
        "id": 199783820,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1591292700
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or possibly do a bit of both :)</p>",
        "id": 199783821,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591292700
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that is, we can list out community groups in the very minimal form to help folks self-organize</p>",
        "id": 199783843,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591292711
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but if we're going to have it be part of rust org, let's make it more meaningful</p>",
        "id": 199783861,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591292719
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>exactly</p>",
        "id": 199783862,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1591292720
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Scale back official-Rust-project-involvement so that the groups themselves can scale up</p>",
        "id": 199783885,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1591292726
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes</p>",
        "id": 199783923,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1591292741
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i think the liason concept is a good way to ensure we don't end up supporting groups that are operating in a negative way</p>",
        "id": 199783999,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1591292764
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but it's not necessary</p>",
        "id": 199784010,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1591292768
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Okay, quick time check we're at less than 15 minutes. Where do we want to go from here?</p>",
        "id": 199784012,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1591292769
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>Allow folks to register “community groups”<br>\n    - These are not “official” parts of Rust, this is just a directory to help people self-organize<br>\n    - The group provides its own chat platform, github org, discourse instance, whatever<br>\n        - these are readily available and free<br>\n    - They must meet some minimal criteria (CoC) and if there are complaints (e.g., poor moderation) we’ll remove them</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 199784028,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591292781
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(that's my \"proposal\" for the \"bare minimum\", if we want it)</p>",
        "id": 199784054,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591292794
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>github org or github repo?</p>",
        "id": 199784088,
        "sender_full_name": "Nell Shamrell-Harrington",
        "timestamp": 1591292812
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I amended it</p>",
        "id": 199784094,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591292817
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>to github org/repo (but not in rust-lang)</p>",
        "id": 199784104,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591292823
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"219696\">XAMPPRocky</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-06-04/near/199784012\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Okay, quick time check we're at less than 15 minutes. Where do we want to go from here?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>so this felt pretty productive</p>",
        "id": 199784160,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591292852
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>totes!</p>",
        "id": 199784288,
        "sender_full_name": "Nell Shamrell-Harrington",
        "timestamp": 1591292899
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think it's probably worth talking a bit more about  what a more \"integrated\" domain WG looks like</p>",
        "id": 199784326,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591292918
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think \"fleshing out definition of wg\" and \"discussion of visibility of resources\" feel like they fall under the umbrella of everything we just discussed, even if we didn't  get to those points specifically</p>",
        "id": 199784333,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1591292925
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I do think the domain WG could function as an \"community group\"</p>",
        "id": 199784335,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591292925
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but it feels like a bit of a lost opportuinity -- <em>maybe</em></p>",
        "id": 199784342,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591292930
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but maybe not, I don't know, I mean maybe the idea is</p>",
        "id": 199784352,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591292937
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>when embedded has a good idea that needs Rust suppor</p>",
        "id": 199784360,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591292943
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>they make a proposal for a project group</p>",
        "id": 199784373,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591292948
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I guess stuff like error handling / async-IO also remains to be discussed mildly -- but those could <em>probalby</em> be framed as project groups</p>",
        "id": 199784419,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591292975
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i.e., they have at least <em>somewhat</em> clear goals and an \"end point\"</p>",
        "id": 199784432,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591292983
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(async I/O maybe a bit less so)</p>",
        "id": 199784455,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591292997
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-06-04/near/199784342\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>but it feels like a bit of a lost opportuinity -- <em>maybe</em></p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I'm not sure what you mean about a lost opportunity, but if we transformed all domain wgs into community groups, and some groups felt that they had been \"downgraded\", they could come to us with a proposal of what relationship w/ the Rust project they'd prefer?</p>",
        "id": 199784460,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1591293000
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well what I meant by lost opportunity is</p>",
        "id": 199784527,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591293012
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe we would e.g. benefit from engaging embedded more</p>",
        "id": 199784561,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591293035
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>personally I think we could just make embedded WG a rust team</p>",
        "id": 199784571,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591293040
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that's another viable option :)</p>",
        "id": 199784601,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591293057
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess the question though is:</p>",
        "id": 199784617,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591293066
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if say project decides \"we should push on GUI this year\", how do we <em>do</em> that?</p>",
        "id": 199784655,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591293087
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess at this point it's not 2015 anymore, there are extant groups to engage with</p>",
        "id": 199784665,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591293094
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so maybe the answer is that we find the most prominent community group and work with them</p>",
        "id": 199784676,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591293105
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I do foresee (d'oh) competing community group(s)</p>",
        "id": 199784683,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591293111
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>being a fun little outcome here :P</p>",
        "id": 199784688,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591293116
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I guess not our problem</p>",
        "id": 199784694,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591293119
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-06-04/near/199784655\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>if say project decides \"we should push on GUI this year\", how do we <em>do</em> that?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Simple (simplistic?) answer: prioritize liaison time for GUI project-groups</p>",
        "id": 199784816,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1591293171
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(If I sound like someone with a hammer looking for a nail, it's because your \"liaisons naturally limit how many active projects we have\" concept is... really, really good)</p>",
        "id": 199784867,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1591293201
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah I mean I guess I think the answer probably is</p>",
        "id": 199784868,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591293202
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that the only way that the \"Rust org\" makes this happens is that we let it be known that people should come to us with ideas</p>",
        "id": 199784896,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591293227
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i.e., for GUI, if you're finding that you need some borrow check extension to express a pattern..</p>",
        "id": 199784919,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591293238
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>...but I guess the more interesting thing might be something like \"adopting bits of standing GUI stuff into stdlib\"</p>",
        "id": 199784988,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591293258
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>similar to things like <code>Stream</code> in async I/O</p>",
        "id": 199785001,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591293266
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Well I feel we shouldn't be solely reactive, we might want to start some kind of developer outreach in order to get feedback more proactively, especially from companies who won't post their complaints on the forums.</p>",
        "id": 199785114,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1591293345
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>( I have to admit though I kind of like the \"Community Groups\" and \"Project Groups\" duality )</p>",
        "id": 199785134,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591293356
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess I do think we need a name for things like .. \"working groups\", standing groups with a purpose</p>",
        "id": 199785231,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591293388
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but maybe the answer is \"subteams\"</p>",
        "id": 199785239,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591293392
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"219696\">@XAMPPRocky</span> that kind of outreach could well take place in the context of a project group, I guess</p>",
        "id": 199785281,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591293413
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay we have less than 5 minutes. Are there action items that people should take away from this meeting?</p>",
        "id": 199785295,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1591293418
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'll try to summarize this rambly bit at the end</p>",
        "id": 199785323,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591293433
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>:)</p>",
        "id": 199785324,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591293435
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>into the paper doc</p>",
        "id": 199785332,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591293439
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but maybe the question is what to talk about next week?</p>",
        "id": 199785346,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591293450
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(more on domain WGs? something else?)</p>",
        "id": 199785365,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591293458
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>Discussion of visibility of resources </li>\n<li>Effective discussion of contested RFCs</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 199785385,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1591293468
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Those are two other topics we didn't get to.</p>",
        "id": 199785457,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1591293487
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think it would be good to keep going on domain wgs though.</p>",
        "id": 199785504,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1591293512
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think so too</p>",
        "id": 199785526,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591293522
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Okay well unless anyone has anything else to say, that concludes our bi-weekly meeting. Thank you everyone for coming and stay safe! <span aria-label=\"slight smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f642\" role=\"img\" title=\"slight smile\">:slight_smile:</span></p>",
        "id": 199785659,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1591293589
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Suggestion: I think it's somewhat of a governance responsibility to clarify when the core team can make unilateral decisions, especially w/ respect to responsibilities usually handled by other groups.</p>",
        "id": 199785671,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1591293593
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't know if having an official \"policy\" about that would be beneficial, but maybe we should at least discuss it a little.</p>",
        "id": 199785787,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1591293621
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Maybe spin out into a topic to discuss a bit async? I'm curious if you have some specific thoughts or examples :)</p>",
        "id": 199785871,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591293655
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I am thinking specifically of the core team's replacement release-blog-post this week. Though in that case perhaps \"unilateral\" is not quite the right term, since there was a bit of discussion in the release team channel.</p>",
        "id": 199785874,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1591293657
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ah, OK.</p>",
        "id": 199785904,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591293668
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(My view on that particular topic is that the blog is ultimately managed by the core team, <a href=\"https://forge.rust-lang.org/core/blogs.html#writing-for-the-main-rust-blog\">as noted here</a>.)</p>",
        "id": 199785972,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1591293705
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>But it also came up a loooooong time ago in a completely different context, so... I guess I will find that discussion and link to it in a new topic</p>",
        "id": 199785978,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1591293711
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'd also definitely like to the discuss the \"core team\" in relation to the project in general at some point. I don't really have any finished thoughts though.</p>",
        "id": 199786186,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1591293813
    }
]