[
    {
        "content": "<p>Hey so we have our meeting today -- I'd be curious if as part of that meeting we could take a bit of stock of the things we've been working on and their status. I was talking a bit with <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116014\">@ag_dubs</span> about the functioning of the group and how we might sharpen it and help us get overall traction, and it seemed like taking stock of where we're at would be a good first step. I at least feel a bit lost about it.</p>",
        "id": 203408715,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594312294
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm sorry, I've had some unexpected interruptions today and will probably not be able to participate in the meeting</p>",
        "id": 203411647,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1594313672
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hello everyone, It's time for the bi-weekly <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"2317\">@WG-governance</span>  meeting! (React with <span aria-label=\"wave\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44b\" role=\"img\" title=\"wave\">:wave:</span> to show attendance.) Today's agenda is as mentioned above by Niko, reviewing the current status of the Working Group.</p>",
        "id": 203412099,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1594313913
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I forget how we do it, is there a hackmd or something for taking notes?</p>",
        "id": 203412219,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594313987
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We have an agenda hackmd. <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/ATj1rZJaRimaIfIWfAOYfQ\">https://hackmd.io/ATj1rZJaRimaIfIWfAOYfQ</a></p>",
        "id": 203412309,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1594314023
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Definitely relatively limited attendance this week</p>",
        "id": 203412363,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594314055
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So yeah I was thinking that I would kind of like to narrow back on what are the things we're actively working on</p>",
        "id": 203412425,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594314096
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>For example, we have a number of issues on the repository, and I remember us doing some work on some of those</p>",
        "id": 203412587,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594314156
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>And some of them are assigned :)</p>",
        "id": 203412594,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594314161
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think the most recent thing we've been working on has been the org taxonomy. <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/KHGL4YVPRU6QaEKoorBhrQ\">https://hackmd.io/KHGL4YVPRU6QaEKoorBhrQ</a></p>",
        "id": 203412626,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1594314179
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, which doesn't exactly have an issue, unless it falls under \"Domain working groups\"</p>",
        "id": 203412684,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594314210
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>which is sort of does</p>",
        "id": 203412700,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594314219
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, though probably would be good to have a new issue.</p>",
        "id": 203412733,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1594314240
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Can we say in a word what our \"goal\" is with that work?</p>",
        "id": 203412851,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594314296
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>A RFC(s)</p>",
        "id": 203412895,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1594314321
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think it is something like \"to settle on a limited set of concepts that cover the sorts of official groups within the Rust org and their responsibitilies\"?</p>",
        "id": 203412900,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594314324
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>works for me</p>",
        "id": 203412927,
        "sender_full_name": "Nell Shamrell-Harrington",
        "timestamp": 1594314342
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and probably the follow-up of \"describing the existing teams etc in that structure\"?</p>",
        "id": 203412945,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594314355
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we could also say  \"to clarify\" rather than \"to settle\", but I am good either way</p>",
        "id": 203412947,
        "sender_full_name": "Nell Shamrell-Harrington",
        "timestamp": 1594314357
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe \"to define\" ?</p>",
        "id": 203413053,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594314408
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I like \"to define\"</p>",
        "id": 203413131,
        "sender_full_name": "Nell Shamrell-Harrington",
        "timestamp": 1594314452
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm typing in the <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/ATj1rZJaRimaIfIWfAOYfQ?edit\">agenda hackmd</a> btw</p>",
        "id": 203413242,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594314506
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>OK, I think another effort has been the Github access policy</p>",
        "id": 203413318,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594314547
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>which in turn is connected to \"codifying\" groups into the team repository, so that we can use them as the basis for access rights etc, right?</p>",
        "id": 203413376,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594314578
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that is true</p>",
        "id": 203413377,
        "sender_full_name": "Nell Shamrell-Harrington",
        "timestamp": 1594314578
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes indeed</p>",
        "id": 203413386,
        "sender_full_name": "Nell Shamrell-Harrington",
        "timestamp": 1594314585
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that one has mainly been held up by questions of whether GitHub will add feature that make the RFC unnecessary</p>",
        "id": 203413451,
        "sender_full_name": "Nell Shamrell-Harrington",
        "timestamp": 1594314605
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but it did help us codify groups into the team repository, as you said</p>",
        "id": 203413476,
        "sender_full_name": "Nell Shamrell-Harrington",
        "timestamp": 1594314626
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't remember exactly what was in the RFC</p>",
        "id": 203413508,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594314643
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but it seems unlikely it would become <em>fully unnecessary</em></p>",
        "id": 203413516,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594314649
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>agreed</p>",
        "id": 203413523,
        "sender_full_name": "Nell Shamrell-Harrington",
        "timestamp": 1594314652
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we definitely need the codification that is there</p>",
        "id": 203413546,
        "sender_full_name": "Nell Shamrell-Harrington",
        "timestamp": 1594314667
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>in particular I think the idea of trying to ensure that repositories belong to <em>some</em> group of folks</p>",
        "id": 203413549,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594314670
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://github.com/nellshamrell/rfcs/blob/add-github-access-policy-rfc/text/0000-github-access-policy.md\">https://github.com/nellshamrell/rfcs/blob/add-github-access-policy-rfc/text/0000-github-access-policy.md</a></p>",
        "id": 203413568,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1594314681
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but parts of the RFC may be made unnecessary - anyway, it's out of the scope of this meeting - but I think that is something we should push through even if GitHub later adds features that make parts of it unnecessary</p>",
        "id": 203413597,
        "sender_full_name": "Nell Shamrell-Harrington",
        "timestamp": 1594314700
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'll talk with <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"121055\">@Pietro Albini</span> about it</p>",
        "id": 203413613,
        "sender_full_name": "Nell Shamrell-Harrington",
        "timestamp": 1594314707
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>PR Thread: <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/pull/2872\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/pull/2872</a></p>",
        "id": 203413615,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1594314707
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It looks like that RFC could be FCP'ed. Everyone seems to be in consensus.</p>",
        "id": 203413699,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1594314735
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I would be happy to land it as is</p>",
        "id": 203413714,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594314750
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and revise if/when GitHub releases new features</p>",
        "id": 203413720,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594314755
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok - that is fine by me</p>",
        "id": 203413727,
        "sender_full_name": "Nell Shamrell-Harrington",
        "timestamp": 1594314761
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so we should add a separate goal I think of \"reflect group structure in the team repo\"?</p>",
        "id": 203413775,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594314792
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i.e., in terms of high-level bullets</p>",
        "id": 203413781,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594314796
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I feel like <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"219696\">@XAMPPRocky</span> this is partly what the Rust By Example question stems from, right?</p>",
        "id": 203413807,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594314807
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>In particular I also feel like there was some big list of repositories</p>",
        "id": 203413925,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594314863
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that we had to work our way through</p>",
        "id": 203413935,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594314867
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, I would say the goal is something \"having an accurate representation of the current membership in the Rust structure\".</p>",
        "id": 203413939,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1594314869
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and I think we kind of stalled out on that</p>",
        "id": 203413943,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594314872
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(that is maybe a separate goal though)</p>",
        "id": 203413969,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594314895
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I'd kinda wait to land that RFC)</p>",
        "id": 203413989,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1594314906
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> That has been moving just very slowly. This most accurate list now is just the list on the nursery page. <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang-nursery\">https://github.com/rust-lang-nursery</a></p>",
        "id": 203414065,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1594314960
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>OK, I don't have a strong opinion. I'd be curious to hear more about just what might change (I think we discussed it once) but I appreciate you probably can't talk about it publicly</p>",
        "id": 203414110,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594314968
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"219696\">@XAMPPRocky</span> so maybe a goal there was \"deprecate rust-lang-nursery\"</p>",
        "id": 203414121,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594314980
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>similarly I think we had a definite goal of \"figure out what to do with the domain working groups\"</p>",
        "id": 203414240,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594315062
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that feels like part of \"org taxonomy\" but also kind of distinct?</p>",
        "id": 203414249,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594315069
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think domain working groups kinda got mixed with figuring out the org's structure.</p>",
        "id": 203414394,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1594315139
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think it's distinct in there's an action item to close the existing applications for domain working group.</p>",
        "id": 203414488,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1594315192
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span aria-label=\"angel\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f47c\" role=\"img\" title=\"angel\">:angel:</span> I know I was supposed to do that</p>",
        "id": 203414565,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594315212
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>had that on my to-do list for a minute</p>",
        "id": 203414573,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594315219
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it seems distinct to me though in that</p>",
        "id": 203414600,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594315237
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well it's basically just a really important sub-bullet somehow</p>",
        "id": 203414613,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594315245
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe that's all :)</p>",
        "id": 203414619,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594315249
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>OK, are there other active goals...</p>",
        "id": 203414793,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594315340
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I have a minor one, I'm not sure how much it's part of this group, but this group seems like a decent home for it :)</p>",
        "id": 203414815,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594315349
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/wg-governance/issues/38\">https://github.com/rust-lang/wg-governance/issues/38</a></p>",
        "id": 203414859,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594315366
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>basically removing the idea of \"pre-FCP\"</p>",
        "id": 203414863,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594315373
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think this is essentially just waiting on a PR ;)</p>",
        "id": 203414873,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594315378
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm fine with that</p>",
        "id": 203414888,
        "sender_full_name": "Nell Shamrell-Harrington",
        "timestamp": 1594315385
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it fits into a kind of 'meta goal' of revisiting the RFC process and staged development</p>",
        "id": 203414892,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594315391
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Would we consider project groups \"in flight\"?</p>",
        "id": 203414909,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1594315407
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(side note that I think there is clear evidence of confusion between the compiler-team and lang-team MCP procedures, and I'm interested in trying to \"consolidate\" them into one repository)</p>",
        "id": 203414939,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594315424
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"219696\">XAMPPRocky</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09/near/203414909\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Would we consider project groups \"in flight\"?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>a good question, I think they're kind of bundled in with this idea of staged development, right?</p>",
        "id": 203415034,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594315456
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but also kind of distinct I suppose</p>",
        "id": 203415046,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594315464
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, and I would like to do a retro or two with some groups but I feel that's mostly landed to continue the metaphor.</p>",
        "id": 203415117,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1594315512
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm trying to decide here then</p>",
        "id": 203415235,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594315576
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>one separate thing I wouldn't mind listing is what we see as our accomplishments thus far :)</p>",
        "id": 203415251,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594315588
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but anyway I think we can make a bullet for project-groups</p>",
        "id": 203415267,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594315598
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm kind of seeing a skill-tree in the making here :)</p>",
        "id": 203415276,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594315602
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>you were asking <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"219696\">@XAMPPRocky</span> what we might do to improve the repository btw --</p>",
        "id": 203415292,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594315615
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Heh - one accomplishment - my work with this team played a big part in getting me a job at Mozilla :)</p>",
        "id": 203415303,
        "sender_full_name": "Nell Shamrell-Harrington",
        "timestamp": 1594315620
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think it'd be great if these \"active goals\" were reflecte don our README.md, for example, or very easily found, with updates as to their status</p>",
        "id": 203415317,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594315631
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe using a project board with one column per goal might work too</p>",
        "id": 203415330,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594315639
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>not sure that's quite the sort of accomplishment I had in mind ;)</p>",
        "id": 203415360,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594315660
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I actually think we've done a lot of things, it's just nice to write them out</p>",
        "id": 203415373,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594315675
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Sure I'm open to trying out a project board, that's pretty easy to maintain.</p>",
        "id": 203415421,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1594315685
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"219696\">@XAMPPRocky</span> I think btw we never <em>quite</em> finished the project group work</p>",
        "id": 203415459,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594315716
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ehm, I think there's a lot of little things.</p>",
        "id": 203415460,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1594315716
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>in particular, I think that for it to be fully complete, I'd want to see the team repo updated so that I can write <code>liaison = [...]</code></p>",
        "id": 203415490,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594315739
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and webpage etc</p>",
        "id": 203415500,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594315743
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'll make an issue for those after this meeting <span aria-label=\"slight smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f642\" role=\"img\" title=\"slight smile\">:slight_smile:</span></p>",
        "id": 203415552,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1594315771
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm in support for getting rid of the prefcp</p>",
        "id": 203415661,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1594315805
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>OK, it seems like we're approaching a complete list in the hackmd of ongoing activites etc?</p>",
        "id": 203416316,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594316199
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm pondering what to do with the remaining time -- one thing I was thinking about was discussing a bit about how to push some of these items forward. I'm wondering in particular about interactions with teams.</p>",
        "id": 203416593,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594316370
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>looks like it</p>",
        "id": 203416597,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1594316372
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>One other thing that I remember early on having in mind</p>",
        "id": 203416609,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594316384
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and I'm not sure how mcuh we've done</p>",
        "id": 203416616,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594316388
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we probably should have a policy of updating issues when they're discussed</p>",
        "id": 203416624,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1594316393
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>is helping to codify policy where it was absent</p>",
        "id": 203416630,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594316395
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess we have but mostly around org taxonomy etc</p>",
        "id": 203416637,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594316401
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah</p>",
        "id": 203416683,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1594316405
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm thinking about how in the compiler team we're wrestling with things like the Tier RFC</p>",
        "id": 203416700,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594316416
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>also: one thing that we _were_ working on but kinda stopped was researching other governance structures to improve our own</p>",
        "id": 203416714,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1594316422
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we gotta trick <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"239881\">@Josh Triplett</span> into joining this group :)</p>",
        "id": 203416721,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594316424
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess I feel a bit like I would like more support for things like \"deciding what should be the policy to add a new tier\"</p>",
        "id": 203416772,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594316464
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or <a href=\"https://forge.rust-lang.org/compiler/new_option.html\">the policy to add a new compiler option to the compiler</a></p>",
        "id": 203416812,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594316487
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>like, I wrote that up</p>",
        "id": 203416816,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594316490
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>... but I'm not 100% sure of what's in there, and I would've loved to have somebody else helping to survey the people who might have an opinion and see it through ...</p>",
        "id": 203416844,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594316516
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>just thinking out loud :)</p>",
        "id": 203416848,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594316520
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(that said, I think we also need to <em>focus</em> on one thing at a time, so i'm not trying to create new tasks)</p>",
        "id": 203416896,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594316533
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"219696\">@XAMPPRocky</span> in terms of the \"fit things into the team repository\" work, I guess that \"update to accomodate removal of docs team\" is kind of a sub-bullet there, right?</p>",
        "id": 203417150,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594316670
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(ps, side note, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"132040\">@Manish Goregaokar</span> in the lang-team meeting about path to membership we discussed a lot your idea of facilitators; we never quite landed on the right way to incorporate that as an official concept, but I'm warming to it...)</p>",
        "id": 203417209,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594316708
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> I would maybe like to expand that to \"create a process around creating and archiving <em>teams</em>\", as I think it's all related.</p>",
        "id": 203417262,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1594316747
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>expand what exactly?</p>",
        "id": 203417277,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594316760
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>one thing about creating teams that came to mind, related to the lang team membership process --</p>",
        "id": 203417330,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594316771
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><em>\"update to accomodate removal of docs team\"</em></p>",
        "id": 203417354,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1594316780
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and related to tiers, in a weird way --</p>",
        "id": 203417361,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594316786
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ideally I think we wouldn't \"create a team\" as the first step, but reather, we'd more like \"bless a team that already exists and is doing well\"</p>",
        "id": 203417386,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594316804
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>in other words, thinking a bit about the terms we were using for path to membership, the idea was, can we open up all the activities a team member does, so that people can be doing them</p>",
        "id": 203417426,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594316826
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and then we help guide people to doing them and, if it's going well, then we recognize that with membership</p>",
        "id": 203417454,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594316847
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>similarly, it seems like it'd be nice if we had a kind of set of 'things' a team should be doing, and we could kind of say \"well, if there's a group of people pursuing this goal; having regular meetings; maintaining structure; etc\"... anyway.</p>",
        "id": 203417515,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594316882
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(that would be necessary, I imagine, but not sufficient)</p>",
        "id": 203417544,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594316890
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Maybe creation was bad choice of words, but if I understand you correctly and reading the taxonomy doc a new top-level team would be made from a pre-existing productive sub-team?</p>",
        "id": 203417579,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1594316909
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it depends on which taxonomy doc we use</p>",
        "id": 203417628,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594316947
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but basically I just mean that the question would be like:</p>",
        "id": 203417637,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594316956
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>actually I think this fits a bit better the notion of organizing by \"activity\"</p>",
        "id": 203417672,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594316982
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i.e., maybe you say \"I want us to be better about X\", so I'll start by making a \"notification group\" for X</p>",
        "id": 203417713,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594317002
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>then from there maybe I run some weekly meetings and develop a skill tree and roadmap,</p>",
        "id": 203417753,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594317019
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>once I've done that and it's working ok, we say \"ok, that's a project group\" -- i.e., we recognize the structure that exists</p>",
        "id": 203417777,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594317034
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>then the group can start to make decisions internally (like the embedded group does) and so forth, and be doing that productively for a while, and it's like \"ok, that's a team\" -- maybe those decisions have to be ratified by a parent team in the beginning, but they're basically presented with \"here is what we thought and why\"</p>",
        "id": 203417873,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594317089
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>basically we have some set of things that distinguish each level from the next, and you can kind of build up those things, and then we recognize that they're built</p>",
        "id": 203417938,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594317122
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I do think we want a bit of a \"is this a thing we even want to do\" before you get started ;)</p>",
        "id": 203417979,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594317135
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it's a bit tricky, it comes back to the question of \"once we make a zulip stream, things look awfully official\", perhaps...</p>",
        "id": 203417999,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594317151
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway, I digress a bit</p>",
        "id": 203418006,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594317156
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"219696\">XAMPPRocky</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09/near/203417354\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><em>\"update to accomodate removal of docs team\"</em></p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>are you seeing this as its own bullet?</p>",
        "id": 203418080,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594317208
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hmm, I'm not sure to be honest.</p>",
        "id": 203418209,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1594317269
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think it falls under \"Reflect group structure in the team repository\", but it just highlights that a big part of that work</p>",
        "id": 203418411,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594317372
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah I agree.</p>",
        "id": 203418426,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1594317380
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>is figuring out what things out to be when they're kind of unclear</p>",
        "id": 203418438,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594317389
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>kind of like \"remove rust-lang-nursery\" or \"apply an access policy\"</p>",
        "id": 203418457,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594317399
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>speaking of which, well, I guess we're at the end of the meeting, but I'm happy to discuss the best way for us to move forward on unblocking that further</p>",
        "id": 203418507,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594317428
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Oh I missed that it was an inncomplete sentence, but I agree with your point anyway. <span aria-label=\"slight smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f642\" role=\"img\" title=\"slight smile\">:slight_smile:</span></p>",
        "id": 203418513,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1594317431
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I can never tell how often to press Ctrl-Return</p>",
        "id": 203418536,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594317446
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>obviously I tend to favor \"more rather than less\" :)</p>",
        "id": 203418593,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594317475
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Well what do people feel we should discuss at the next meeting before we close?</p>",
        "id": 203418605,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1594317480
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm pondering :)</p>",
        "id": 203418682,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594317512
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess I think I'd be interested to continue our discussion of org taxonomy as a preliminary topic, subject to some possible revision. I might try to prepare before then a sketch of what an \"activity-based taxonomy\" might look like.</p>",
        "id": 203418766,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594317567
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think I would like to continue with the taxonomy work if there's nothing else pressing, it touches a lot of areas.</p>",
        "id": 203418771,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1594317571
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(that said, in the interim, I'm also interested in working to revise the repo to reflect and call out these priorities -- I also think this is a pretty big list, so it'd be nice if we could kind of have an issue for each one with assignee and sort of see that we're really making progess.)</p>",
        "id": 203418895,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594317625
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Okay well , that concludes the meeting for today! Thank you everyone for attending, stay safe!</p>",
        "id": 203418897,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1594317626
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(but I think that should be done out of band.)</p>",
        "id": 203418914,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1594317635
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yes, I was thinking about what about taking the time rewrite parts of the charter as while the high level goals might still be similar the content has meaningfully changed.</p>",
        "id": 203419013,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1594317694
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'll at least start off by making the project board we discussed with all of the topics from hackmd today.</p>",
        "id": 203419232,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1594317762
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> I would love to participate; the timing is kinda bad for me and it keeps conflicting with things, so I find myself not seeing the meetings until after they've happened.</p>",
        "id": 203420174,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1594318293
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> good to hear! i'm happy to discuss it more if y'all want</p>",
        "id": 203424587,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1594320739
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-07-09/near/203418914\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>(but I think that should be done out of band.)</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Are there out-of-band tasks I can help with? The \"C unwind\" RFC seems like it's in a reasonably good place right now</p>",
        "id": 203451812,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1594334985
    }
]