[
    {
        "content": "<p>Hello all,</p>",
        "id": 191814010,
        "sender_full_name": "Nell Shamrell-Harrington",
        "timestamp": 1585172095
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I unfortunately will not be able to be at the meeting tomorrow. I had some things come up and haven't gotten to drafting the pre-rfc rfc just yet</p>",
        "id": 191814031,
        "sender_full_name": "Nell Shamrell-Harrington",
        "timestamp": 1585172116
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>And my conflict just got cancelled - I'll be there after all :)</p>",
        "id": 191822540,
        "sender_full_name": "Nell Shamrell-Harrington",
        "timestamp": 1585177849
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"2317\">@WG-governance</span>, meeting! React/or reply with <span aria-label=\"wave\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44b\" role=\"img\" title=\"wave\">:wave:</span> to show you're present.</p>\n<p>Meeting Agenda/Minutes: <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/ATj1rZJaRimaIfIWfAOYfQ\" title=\"https://hackmd.io/ATj1rZJaRimaIfIWfAOYfQ\">https://hackmd.io/ATj1rZJaRimaIfIWfAOYfQ</a></p>",
        "id": 191916356,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1585241986
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span aria-label=\"wave\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44b\" role=\"img\" title=\"wave\">:wave:</span></p>",
        "id": 191916467,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585242007
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Okay, I'll start.</p>",
        "id": 191916651,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1585242080
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>also, if we have time after the agenda is done I had two (non-urgent) questions</p>",
        "id": 191916831,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585242141
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I haven't gotten to update the project group RFC, other time sensitive work came up first and the since our last meeting covid-19 happened.</p>",
        "id": 191916847,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1585242148
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hey</p>",
        "id": 191916864,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585242157
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I plan to have it ready by the next meeting.</p>",
        "id": 191916879,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1585242165
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I haven't done anything since last meeting either, though I'd like to carve out some time next week to do something concrete (it'd be nice maybe to walk away with a bit of a concrete goal there)</p>",
        "id": 191917004,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585242208
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Which actually leads us to our next item, which is domain working groups. Nrc just recently filed an issue to start the discussion. <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/wg-governance/issues/46\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/wg-governance/issues/46\">https://github.com/rust-lang/wg-governance/issues/46</a></p>",
        "id": 191917150,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1585242262
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I saw that PR but unfortunately haven't had time to read it yet</p>",
        "id": 191917301,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1585242344
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm actually not sure if that issue text is 100% accurate</p>",
        "id": 191917305,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585242345
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Which part?</p>",
        "id": 191917384,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1585242369
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Notably, I don't know if the CLI WG is inactive -- I know that <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"131358\">@spacekookie</span> was doing work to get things up and going again</p>",
        "id": 191917385,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585242370
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>have a Tc39 meeting rn but i do have _thoughts_ on that issue</p>",
        "id": 191917405,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1585242381
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It's perhaps a minor point :)</p>",
        "id": 191917406,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585242383
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>which i'll post there</p>",
        "id": 191917407,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1585242384
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Also nrc is <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"256841\">@Nick Cameron</span> on Zulip</p>",
        "id": 191917436,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585242397
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>In any case this has been an \"on again, off again\" topic of discussion, and I'm definitely sympathetic to the idea that there isn't really a big need for \"domain working groups\" to be an official part of Rust at this juncture.</p>",
        "id": 191917616,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585242485
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Some time back I did a bit of \"research\" of a sort</p>",
        "id": 191917640,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585242500
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>in the sense of sending an e-mail to all the different domain wgs</p>",
        "id": 191917647,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585242506
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>to get information about what they're up to, how people feel, etc</p>",
        "id": 191917655,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585242512
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't think I ever got around to summarizing the results of those e-mails</p>",
        "id": 191917668,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585242520
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but maybe that would be a good \"work item\" for me to try and do before next meeting, and post to issue</p>",
        "id": 191917679,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585242529
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think a good question for us to ask is \"how should we have this conversation\", maybe?</p>",
        "id": 191917709,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585242552
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Collecting input definitely seems like a good first step</p>",
        "id": 191917757,
        "sender_full_name": "Nell Shamrell-Harrington",
        "timestamp": 1585242587
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Meaning, whom do we involve, and how?</p>",
        "id": 191917759,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1585242588
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that is, the conversation about \"what are/were our aims with domain wgs, have they been achieved, what have been the downsides, and could we achieve those aims in other ways that evade some of the downsides\"</p>",
        "id": 191917762,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585242589
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Well I think maybe we should start with a bit of history if someone knows it. What was the original motivation for domain working groups?</p>",
        "id": 191917784,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1585242598
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I can share</p>",
        "id": 191917832,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585242606
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Basically, my memory is that, when we were doing our first roadmap,</p>",
        "id": 191917860,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585242617
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we found a number of areas where it was clear we wanted to \"make efforts\"</p>",
        "id": 191917889,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585242633
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but also not <em>entirely</em> clear what those efforts should be, and it didn't seem like we had the bandwidth to pursue</p>",
        "id": 191917906,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585242649
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that is, we didn't a good idea of like \"core rust folks\" who would pursue those goals</p>",
        "id": 191917931,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585242661
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so we created the \"domain working groups\" as an experiment, the idea being that this would be a place to encourage consolidation and effort towards a particular domain, without having it be a goal of any \"Rust team\" to achieve something in particular</p>",
        "id": 191917995,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585242702
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>separately, I could maybe ping <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116010\">@Aaron Turon</span> and get his recollection, that's kind of how I remember it :)</p>",
        "id": 191918012,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585242714
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>part of the idea was sort of that people would use domain wgs to explore an area and give feedback to teams on things they could do (e.g., extensions to Rust or whatever) that might help in this area</p>",
        "id": 191918092,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585242743
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or it might also be building out libraries or just encouraging communication</p>",
        "id": 191918104,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585242751
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>left a comment on the issue</p>",
        "id": 191918112,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1585242756
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/wg-governance/issues/46#issuecomment-604555842\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/wg-governance/issues/46#issuecomment-604555842\">Manish's comment</a> :)</p>",
        "id": 191918149,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585242781
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/blob/master/text/1774-roadmap-2017.md#areas-of-exploration\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/blob/master/text/1774-roadmap-2017.md#areas-of-exploration\">Areas of exploration</a> section of the 2017 Roadmap is I think the thing I was talking about</p>",
        "id": 191918237,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585242823
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ah</p>",
        "id": 191918252,
        "sender_full_name": "Nell Shamrell-Harrington",
        "timestamp": 1585242835
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I remember prior to the 2018 edition, there was some talk about doing some \"curation\" type activities of the broader ecosystem, finding a way to semi-officially recommend certain libraries so that <code>std</code> itself could stay fairly minimal but the Rust ecosystem could be more \"batteries included\". Was there any connection between that idea and the Domain Groups?</p>",
        "id": 191918316,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1585242850
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>This was then expanded in the 2018 roadmap to <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/blob/master/text/2314-roadmap-2018.md#domains\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/blob/master/text/2314-roadmap-2018.md#domains\">the term domains</a></p>",
        "id": 191918357,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585242871
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>No, that was a separate idea afaik, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"120076\">@BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)</span></p>",
        "id": 191918393,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585242884
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-03-26/near/191918357\" title=\"#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-03-26/near/191918357\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>This was then expanded in the 2018 roadmap to <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/blob/master/text/2314-roadmap-2018.md#domains\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/blob/master/text/2314-roadmap-2018.md#domains\">the term domains</a></p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I guess this is when we made the idea of a \"working group\":</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>We will spin up a separate working group for each of these domains, reporting to the core team, and tasked with looking after the end-to-end experience in that domain and making recommendations to other Rust teams with decision-making power.</p>\n</blockquote>",
        "id": 191918439,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585242909
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"225192\">Nell Shamrell-Harrington</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-03-26/near/191917757\" title=\"#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-03-26/near/191917757\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Collecting input definitely seems like a good first step</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>the more I think about it, the more I think that a \"retrospective\" is a good place to start this --</p>",
        "id": 191918604,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585242986
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe not calling it that, but kind of trying to \"set the stage\" a bit</p>",
        "id": 191918639,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585243004
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that sounds good</p>",
        "id": 191918648,
        "sender_full_name": "Nell Shamrell-Harrington",
        "timestamp": 1585243009
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We could start a new zoom stream to collect the feedback and conversation</p>",
        "id": 191918699,
        "sender_full_name": "Nell Shamrell-Harrington",
        "timestamp": 1585243034
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>s/zoom/Zulip?</p>",
        "id": 191918739,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585243058
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>gah, yes</p>",
        "id": 191918753,
        "sender_full_name": "Nell Shamrell-Harrington",
        "timestamp": 1585243065
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>in any case I already have a bunch of emails lying around :)</p>",
        "id": 191918757,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585243067
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so maybe it'd be good to start with that</p>",
        "id": 191918766,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585243072
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and then take it back to the folks -- I would think that <a class=\"stream\" data-stream-id=\"217588\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/217588-project-leads-.28public.29\">#project leads (public)</a> is a good place to start</p>",
        "id": 191918839,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585243084
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>to see how much it \"still rings true\"?</p>",
        "id": 191918862,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585243094
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think what I would do is .. maybe find a block of time next week when I plan to go over those e-mails and extract out some summaries  .. I can create a zoom room and anyone who wants to join in can do so ?</p>",
        "id": 191918980,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585243150
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm not sure how much private stuff was in the e-mails, I'll have to check, I think it was <em>mostly</em> public :)</p>",
        "id": 191919019,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585243160
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>sounds good</p>",
        "id": 191919037,
        "sender_full_name": "Nell Shamrell-Harrington",
        "timestamp": 1585243167
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I'd prefer for things not to block on me, it just happens that I have the e-mails right now :)</p>",
        "id": 191919087,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585243193
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I should be free for something like that, though I wouldn't have much context so maybe that wouldn't be helpful</p>",
        "id": 191919144,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1585243206
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"120076\">@BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)</span> Well I think even just a summary of the feedback would be useful.</p>",
        "id": 191919325,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1585243304
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah i think starting with the feedback is good.</p>",
        "id": 191919435,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1585243345
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So it sounds like the purpose of the domain groups was to be \"scouts\" and now it sounds like it's evolved more to be spun-off groups so nothing that the core group doesn't have bandwidth to be involved with is seen as \"blessed\"</p>",
        "id": 191919453,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585243357
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(sorry, might have missed things, i am double booked on meetings today and tomorrow due to a weird interaction between standards bdies)</p>",
        "id": 191919475,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1585243367
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Before there was interest in visibility, and now visibility is less of a thing?</p>",
        "id": 191919490,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585243378
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Just summarizing what I'm hearing, which may be unnecessary as some historiography still has to be done?</p>",
        "id": 191919529,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585243396
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Well what i think about is, is that Rust is so much bigger now than in 2018.</p>",
        "id": 191919552,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1585243406
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>In some sense I think some of the original motivations are still true</p>",
        "id": 191919675,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585243446
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hmm what  do I mean by that :)</p>",
        "id": 191919807,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585243498
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I mean that those target domains are still important, I guess</p>",
        "id": 191919948,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585243548
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>at the same time, it's not entirely clear to me how much the <em>Rust org</em> needs to be involved, there is some cost to trying to do a lot of things</p>",
        "id": 191920108,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585243596
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Right, Rust org involvement seems like the core question here - in particular, it seems we need to know what the benefit is</p>",
        "id": 191920165,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1585243626
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Like in 2018 to me it felt only the Rust Programming Language org and community members were doing larger organization around building the Rust ecosystem, so I felt that there was more of a need. However today I feel more groups are self organizing or being organized by other larger entities.</p>",
        "id": 191920180,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1585243631
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>\"officialness\" brings some measure of authority and visibility but also creates some potential for friction</p>",
        "id": 191920195,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585243636
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>visibility is nice... not sure authority has any benefit.</p>",
        "id": 191920214,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1585243648
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Is it possible to foster voluntary visibility without officialness?</p>",
        "id": 191920257,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585243665
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I've seen e.g. discussions around things like a \"mail handling working group\" for dealing with sendmail-like applications: I think it's a great idea to try and make a common set of software around that, but I don't really see the value of the Rust org being involved.</p>",
        "id": 191920283,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585243677
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I.e. it seems valuable for people interested in a domain to have a way to discover that a community group for that domain exists</p>",
        "id": 191920356,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1585243692
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes</p>",
        "id": 191920370,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585243699
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yes, so I think we could potentially list groups</p>",
        "id": 191920377,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585243702
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>this was sort of the \"community group\" idea that <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"256841\">@Nick Cameron</span> mentioned</p>",
        "id": 191920403,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585243716
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think there is also value in helping give folks some structure</p>",
        "id": 191920438,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585243728
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>one example that was brought up to me is the value in having a moderated forum to talk on</p>",
        "id": 191920462,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585243739
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>btw I pinged <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116010\">@Aaron Turon</span> briefly and they mentioned</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I think that’s part of the story. But also in general we saw it as a kind of cross-cutting thing that needed to exist separately from the hierarchical organization. Where we could gather people around an end goal and they could work out what the gaps were and feed them into the normal team oversight structure</p>\n</blockquote>",
        "id": 191920670,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585243821
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>which is a lot like project groups :)</p>",
        "id": 191920714,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585243839
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>heheheheh</p>",
        "id": 191920723,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585243844
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So, maybe it's a question</p>",
        "id": 191920758,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585243860
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It would also be good to ensure that community groups are aware of \"proper channels\" for spinning up more \"official\" efforts. E.g.  community groups could request project groups be formed when they identify something that they want Rust itself to change to support their domain</p>",
        "id": 191920790,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1585243871
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>one other challenge we've seen around forming domain working groups and the like:</p>",
        "id": 191920862,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585243902
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>there is a need to have \"leads\"</p>",
        "id": 191920878,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585243908
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or main organizers</p>",
        "id": 191920881,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585243913
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and that's a hard role to recruit for</p>",
        "id": 191920905,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585243921
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that's kind of a general problem -- but it's more than just being hard to \"Recruit\" for,</p>",
        "id": 191920979,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585243941
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>whenever we do things like say \"who wants to lead this?\" you often get people signing up where you're like \"hmmm you may not be the best choice\"</p>",
        "id": 191921016,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585243960
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>which is also an awkward position to be in</p>",
        "id": 191921029,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585243968
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think that for the <em>project groups</em>, this is a bit less of a problem,</p>",
        "id": 191921039,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585243977
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>in part because of the idea of having a team liaison</p>",
        "id": 191921062,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585243987
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that is, I've been wanting to make it so that there is like a \"pool of ideas\" and we pick from that pool</p>",
        "id": 191921085,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585243999
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so it's not so much saying <em>no</em> to some ideas as it is saying <em>yes</em> to others</p>",
        "id": 191921105,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585244006
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Re: \"you may not be the best choice\" - </p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>The major problem—one of the major problems, for there are several—one of the many major problems with governing people is that of whom you get to do it; or rather of who manages to get people to let them do it to them.<br>\nTo summarize: it is a well-known fact that those people who must want to rule people are, ipso facto, those least suited to do it.<br>\nTo summarize the summary: anyone who is capable of getting themselves made President should on no account be allowed to do the job.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>-- Douglas Adams</p>",
        "id": 191921122,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1585244014
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>This has also come up for teams and handing off projects. I feel like some of this is, public GitHub issues are not the best place to take applicants.</p>",
        "id": 191921271,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1585244065
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>This is definitely true.</p>",
        "id": 191921328,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585244087
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess what I'm saying is</p>",
        "id": 191921347,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585244093
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if you have an \"application process\" for forming a new domain wg</p>",
        "id": 191921413,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585244119
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that may in some sense just be the wrong model :)</p>",
        "id": 191921430,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585244130
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>fundamentally</p>",
        "id": 191921436,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585244132
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So is it partially a matter of explicitly defining what domains are relevant to the core goals and interests of the Rust Org  and then using what's defined in issue <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/46\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/46\">#46</a>?</p>",
        "id": 191921443,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585244136
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah i would agree with that.</p>",
        "id": 191921458,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1585244142
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>whenever we do things like say \"who wants to lead this?\" you often get people signing up where you're like \"hmmm you may not be the best choice\"</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I mentioned this in a community team context but this is a _recurring_ issue for us in my experience as well</p>",
        "id": 191921496,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1585244159
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Then it's not a matter of individual requests, but of explicitly defining \"This is what the goals are\"</p>",
        "id": 191921544,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585244167
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and we should be _very careful_ about soliciting leadership</p>",
        "id": 191921553,
        "sender_full_name": "Manish Goregaokar",
        "timestamp": 1585244171
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I am a bit worried about the \"open ended\" nature of domain wgs -- when is their work... \"done\"?</p>",
        "id": 191921592,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585244183
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I also can see the value in having a kind of \"boost\"</p>",
        "id": 191921615,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585244195
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The question is</p>",
        "id": 191921654,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585244213
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>for their work to be done</p>",
        "id": 191921668,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585244217
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>what is their purpose?</p>",
        "id": 191921676,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585244221
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-03-26/near/191921592\" title=\"#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-03-26/near/191921592\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I am a bit worried about the \"open ended\" nature of domain wgs -- when is their work... \"done\"?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Even where \"domain wg\" means something run externally, as a community group?</p>",
        "id": 191921689,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1585244225
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Scouting new domains?</p>",
        "id": 191921705,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585244232
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Generally dealing with projects in a domain?</p>",
        "id": 191921730,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585244244
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Or is that concern only for a more \"official\" definition?</p>",
        "id": 191921733,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1585244246
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I could imagine something like \"sometimes we elect to form a project group with the goal of exploring a domain -- it lasts for one year -- after that it is retired, and maybe some projects are spun out into indep things, some are absorbed by rust teams, and others just get abandoned\"</p>",
        "id": 191921756,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585244259
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm not so worried about an unofficial group</p>",
        "id": 191921784,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585244277
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So, then, the scouting purpose?</p>",
        "id": 191921787,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585244279
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>for one thing, not my problem ;)</p>",
        "id": 191921816,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585244283
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but for another -- if they just kind of become inactive, another group can form</p>",
        "id": 191921847,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585244291
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it's not \"exclusive\"</p>",
        "id": 191921861,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585244296
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>though if we are listing them on some web page, it will raise the question of whether they should be removed, but I suspect the answer can be \"we'll keep them there as long as somebody actively wants them to be there\", idk</p>",
        "id": 191921946,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585244326
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It comes back to purpose though, why the domain working groups are formed, why they are \"blessed\" or \"unofficial/community\"</p>",
        "id": 191922044,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585244371
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>e.g. mail stuff isn't relevant to the Rust Org</p>",
        "id": 191922058,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585244379
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so maybe it would help to define what is</p>",
        "id": 191922077,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585244389
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and spin up domain groups to investigate</p>",
        "id": 191922097,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585244396
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>domains of possible interest</p>",
        "id": 191922103,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585244400
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and if those domains are of interest</p>",
        "id": 191922145,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585244405
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>then they become part of what is relevant</p>",
        "id": 191922184,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585244421
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and then indeed</p>",
        "id": 191922194,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585244426
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>projects come out</p>",
        "id": 191922201,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585244428
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess the question is what it means and who decides</p>",
        "id": 191922212,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585244431
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>for example</p>",
        "id": 191922214,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585244432
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>To sort of reframe the idea of visibility: to me, the main (only?) benefit of such a list is so that community groups can provide a \"landing pad\" for people looking to contribute to the Rust ecosystem in a certain way: catch up on prior art, ask for help, etc</p>",
        "id": 191922237,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1585244446
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Trick would be to clarify the \"official\" / \"unofficial</p>",
        "id": 191922275,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585244466
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>\"blessed\"/\"not blessed\"</p>",
        "id": 191922290,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585244473
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>dichotomy</p>",
        "id": 191922298,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585244475
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and why it is the way it is</p>",
        "id": 191922315,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585244479
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>for goal-based reasons</p>",
        "id": 191922319,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585244481
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so it doesn't seem</p>",
        "id": 191922329,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585244485
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>subjective</p>",
        "id": 191922355,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585244495
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>gatekeeping</p>",
        "id": 191922374,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585244501
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it seems like we're hitting right on one of the central challenges :)</p>",
        "id": 191922391,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585244508
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>of running an open source project</p>",
        "id": 191922412,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585244516
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i.e., you want to balance the \"bottom up\" and the \"top down\"</p>",
        "id": 191922468,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585244526
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I wonder if something like \"awesome rust\" would be good - an external page (possibly GitHub) pointing to \"community groups\"</p>",
        "id": 191922499,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1585244539
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So</p>",
        "id": 191922582,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585244572
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Each group should have a link to a chat room of sorts, and it should be considered \"active\" as long as someone clicking on that link and saying \"hi,  I have some ideas\" would get a response</p>",
        "id": 191922591,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1585244578
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm thinking some about the Embedded WG -- they've been one of the most active, and definitely the best organized. Recently, we've also <em>started</em> to see a bit of \"embedded comes to lang team with a priority or an RFC\"</p>",
        "id": 191922634,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585244593
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>not quite as much as I think we <em>should be</em></p>",
        "id": 191922644,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585244597
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway, we're nearing time</p>",
        "id": 191922666,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585244604
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think a vision and mission statement for Rust might help here</p>",
        "id": 191922716,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585244625
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Interesting thought!</p>",
        "id": 191922743,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1585244636
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>as well as having a way to indicate the existence of</p>",
        "id": 191922746,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585244636
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I guess I just wanted to put out there that I think one of the downsides around embedded in particular is we could be doing a better job integrating them -- if that's really a goal, then we're not \"done\" when we have embedded wg, we never perfected the \"feedback\" from embedded to teams</p>",
        "id": 191922752,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585244640
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>external groups</p>",
        "id": 191922753,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585244641
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Well, to have a \"done\" one needs to be defined (;</p>",
        "id": 191922857,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585244671
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I dunno, I'm feeling like definitions are the big need here</p>",
        "id": 191922906,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585244694
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>certainly getting buyin</p>",
        "id": 191922938,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585244707
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>That's kind of why I feel we should not be involved at least initially in a given community group. I feel like we should let and encourage groups to self organise, and bring in groups that we see as being beneficial.</p>",
        "id": 191922946,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1585244709
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes!</p>",
        "id": 191922965,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585244717
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and have a clear sense of why groups would be brought in</p>",
        "id": 191922985,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585244729
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>where \"bring in\" still needs a bit of defining <span aria-label=\"wink\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f609\" role=\"img\" title=\"wink\">:wink:</span></p>",
        "id": 191922988,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1585244731
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so</p>",
        "id": 191922996,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585244736
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>what we seem to need is</p>",
        "id": 191923024,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585244746
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>:</p>",
        "id": 191923025,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585244747
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"219696\">XAMPPRocky</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-03-26/near/191922946\" title=\"#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-03-26/near/191922946\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>That's kind of why I feel we should not be involved at least initially in a given community group. I feel like we should let and encourage groups to self organise, and bring in groups that we see as being beneficial.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>this seems closer to the \"project group\" model that I was talking about, of selecting ideas when someone from team wants to act as liaison</p>",
        "id": 191923036,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585244753
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess there is a question of \"does 'bring in' even have to be an official concept\"</p>",
        "id": 191923176,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585244802
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>My sense is there needs to be clarity about what Rust Org is involved in</p>",
        "id": 191923204,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585244822
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>time check: 45 minutes, should we discuss next meeting and the next 2 weeks?</p>",
        "id": 191923212,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585244827
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but also avoid the appearance</p>",
        "id": 191923213,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585244827
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes</p>",
        "id": 191923219,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585244832
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>That sounds a bit like the model I was proposing above: domain WGs are self-organizing community groups external to the org, and if they have a specific need they can initiate the formation of a project group to meet that need</p>",
        "id": 191923231,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1585244837
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>For the next meeting; <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"225192\">@Nell Shamrell-Harrington</span> Should we put your pre-rfc rfc back as the topic for next time?</p>",
        "id": 191923316,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1585244881
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I had also said that I would try to setup a time to go over the \"domain wg emails\"</p>",
        "id": 191923393,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585244901
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I was just going to ask about that!</p>",
        "id": 191923411,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1585244911
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So these are the action items I have for next meeting</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Pre-RFC RFC</li>\n<li>Domain WG Retrospective<br>\n    - Go through emails for feedback</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 191923702,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1585245024
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>probably that would be next wed afternoon</p>",
        "id": 191923704,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585245024
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Another possible agenda item next time: I hadn't been following updates on the project-groups RFC, but it looks like there's quite a bit of feedback. Is there action we should take there?</p>",
        "id": 191923719,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1585245029
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yes, I'll have that ready by next time</p>",
        "id": 191923788,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1585245060
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I suspect that's probably higher-priority than the domain wg retrospective... though maybe we'll have a better idea of whether such a retrospective is a good agenda item after we actually go through the emails</p>",
        "id": 191923887,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1585245098
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Well we can handle both in parallel.</p>",
        "id": 191924104,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1585245162
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Okay, we have 5 minutes left does anyone have any last thing they'd like to mention?</p>",
        "id": 191924257,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1585245223
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess the question is more what should we expect to discuss during meeting time \"in depth\"</p>",
        "id": 191924267,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585245228
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>But I'm good to adjourn</p>",
        "id": 191924278,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585245233
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Thoughtful discussion y'all :)</p>",
        "id": 191924294,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585245238
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Maybe we should treat these items a bit more holistically... my mental model is now something like a funnel, where Rust users with ideas for Rust features/etc (1) find a relevant domain wg if one exists, (2) form a project group if appropriate and if a liaison is interested, and (3) submit an RFC only once the project group has discussed it for a bit</p>",
        "id": 191924510,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1585245303
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i.e., this is all connected. (Though, to bring Douglas Adams in once again, maybe I'm thinking this way just b/c I'm finally watching the Dirk Gently series.)</p>",
        "id": 191924577,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1585245328
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(not that every feature would go through that exact sequence, of course)</p>",
        "id": 191924721,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1585245379
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I'm not sure we can design a more formal pre-RFC process without also considering the roles of project groups and domain groups.</p>",
        "id": 191924783,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1585245410
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><em>fin</em></p>",
        "id": 191924805,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1585245418
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we can begin drafting it</p>",
        "id": 191924846,
        "sender_full_name": "Nell Shamrell-Harrington",
        "timestamp": 1585245434
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> Let's see next week which of the three items make progress and make whichever the main topic? What with world events as it is who knows what next week looks like let alone two weeks.</p>",
        "id": 191924869,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1585245442
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and using it to inform the project groups/domain groups definition and vice versa</p>",
        "id": 191924886,
        "sender_full_name": "Nell Shamrell-Harrington",
        "timestamp": 1585245448
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(sorry I've been quiet - I accidentally was on a different topic in Zulip and didn't realize it)</p>",
        "id": 191924942,
        "sender_full_name": "Nell Shamrell-Harrington",
        "timestamp": 1585245472
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Okay, we have just over a minute left so I'm going to call it there. We discuss the rest async. Thanks everyone! <span aria-label=\"wave\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44b\" role=\"img\" title=\"wave\">:wave:</span></p>",
        "id": 191925103,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1585245519
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Thank you everyone!</p>",
        "id": 191925127,
        "sender_full_name": "Nell Shamrell-Harrington",
        "timestamp": 1585245526
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span aria-label=\"wave\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44b\" role=\"img\" title=\"wave\">:wave:</span></p>",
        "id": 191925146,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1585245532
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Stay safe!</p>",
        "id": 191925167,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1585245539
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span aria-label=\"wave\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44b\" role=\"img\" title=\"wave\">:wave:</span></p>",
        "id": 191925176,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585245542
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>You too!</p>",
        "id": 191925180,
        "sender_full_name": "Nell Shamrell-Harrington",
        "timestamp": 1585245543
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"120076\">@BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)</span> I am pretty wary of falling into the trap of \"we have to figure everything out before we can draft steps to improve any one thing\"</p>",
        "id": 191925203,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585245548
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think we can make steps to improve pre-rfc process (for example) <em>and then</em> make further changes if that makes sense</p>",
        "id": 191925266,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585245568
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>( but it's good to consider in any case, and maybe we can try to leave room to be open-ended about it )</p>",
        "id": 191925326,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585245593
    }
]