[
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-03-12/near/190419092\" title=\"#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/meeting.202020-03-12/near/190419092\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I'd probably add the informal (or maybe formal) rule that when selecting a liaison, you look at all the other projects that they are involved in (across all teams) and judge if they really have capacity. My hunch is people should do at most 2 or 3 things at a time -- and only 1 of them should be a \"group\". </p>\n<p>(Note: I know because I violate this rule quite fragrantly :P)</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> Will it be obvious from looking at some particularly GitHub search/view in rust-lang and (separately) other related repos what projects someone is involved in across all teams? If not, is this something to fix?</p>",
        "id": 191916241,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585241911
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>If nothing else, it could probably be done by searching <code>rust-lang/team</code>.</p>",
        "id": 191916969,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1585242202
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"249394\">@Val Grimm</span> it won't be, but if we do this right, I'd like to see that information collected and available</p>",
        "id": 191917112,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585242244
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>What would be the best way to proceed? I can think of several but am aware I lack context?  Also a response can wait as this is not on the agenda for the meeting today.</p>",
        "id": 191917243,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585242308
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think at some point <code>rust-lang/team</code> can be updated to have a \"shepherd\" field for project groups. Not sure how much work that will be.</p>",
        "id": 191917426,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1585242394
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that'd be easy enough, though there was also discussion of renaming \"shepherd\" to \"lead\"</p>",
        "id": 191918706,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585243037
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>personally I sort of prefer shepherd</p>",
        "id": 191918717,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585243044
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I'm not sure if there's a real difference</p>",
        "id": 191918726,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585243049
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ack, I was thinking of the missing \"liaison\" field.</p>",
        "id": 191918935,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1585243132
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Right now that's conflated with \"lead\"</p>",
        "id": 191919039,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1585243167
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>If there is confusion about names then maybe the names are unclear (:</p>",
        "id": 191919706,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585243459
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Or their definitions</p>",
        "id": 191919766,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585243482
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Well, \"shepherd\" is also not currently an existing field, but Niko's right that it aligns pretty well with the existing \"leads\" field</p>",
        "id": 191919941,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1585243546
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>whereas liaisons doesn't, really</p>",
        "id": 191920014,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1585243563
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think in practice the liaison is also a <em>kind of</em> lead -- but it's not 100% clear :)</p>",
        "id": 191922053,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585244377
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well no I take that back</p>",
        "id": 191922082,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585244391
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I mean, it's close enough that currently we're listing both liaisons and shepherds as \"leads\" in <code>team</code></p>",
        "id": 191923104,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1585244773
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>how many roles are needed?</p>",
        "id": 191923374,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585244893
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>how would you describe the differences between the roles?</p>",
        "id": 191923394,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585244902
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I'm going to ignore RFCs here)</p>",
        "id": 191923406,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585244909
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(want to hear what is in your head)</p>",
        "id": 191923438,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585244918
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so I see two distinct ways to look at this</p>",
        "id": 191923768,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585245052
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think my original thought was that the</p>\n<ul>\n<li>the <strong>shepherds</strong> are the ones \"in the trenches\", summarizing conversations, and kind of driving the design</li>\n<li>the <strong>liaison</strong> is getting called in as needed to help out, having meetings <em>with the shepherd</em> to give feedback, and perhaps raising things in the design meeting</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 191923945,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585245117
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and maybe the liaison is also a shepherd</p>",
        "id": 191924025,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585245134
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Is it ideal that this would be a combined role?</p>",
        "id": 191924059,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585245146
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Or is it preferable for it not to be?</p>",
        "id": 191924077,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585245154
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I think another valid thing to say would be: each project group has some leads, at least one must be a team member, and they need to share those duties in some way that works</p>",
        "id": 191924107,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585245164
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>by team member you mean core Lang team?</p>",
        "id": 191924249,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585245219
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or project team member</p>",
        "id": 191924288,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585245237
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I mean member of whatever team(s) the project group is associated with</p>",
        "id": 191924380,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585245256
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok</p>",
        "id": 191924406,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585245262
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>my motivations for separating out roles a bit:</p>",
        "id": 191924436,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585245279
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>many team members are short on time, they are often the folks with the most experience and hence also obligations</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 191924484,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585245291
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so it'd be nice to have a way where they see a good project and they can help it move along without having to invest a ton of time</p>",
        "id": 191924523,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585245309
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>it can be a mentoring opportunity for folks who might want to join a team</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 191924558,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585245320
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>for a lot of the teams that aren't oriented around <em>coding</em>, it's really hard to figure out the \"path to membership\"</p>",
        "id": 191924586,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585245333
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings)/near/191917112\" title=\"#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/pre-rfc.20(outside.20meetings)/near/191917112\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>it won't be, but if we do this right, I'd like to see that information collected and available</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>btw what I meant by this is not so much that we can scrape the team repo -- that tells you something about what <em>groups</em> someone is involved in -- but I'd like to see us just doing a better job collecting the <strong>projects overall</strong>, not all of which will be \"groups\" I should think ..</p>",
        "id": 191924802,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585245417
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so liaison is a team member, and they may also be, but are unlikely to be/better not to be the shepherd, for reasons of time and being spread too thin?</p>",
        "id": 191924811,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585245420
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So then it becomes a questions to trying to figure out the technical or conceptual requirements for being aware of projects</p>",
        "id": 191924924,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585245463
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I need to wander around in the Github a bit more to muse about this I suppose</p>",
        "id": 191924962,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585245478
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we've been wrestling with this a bit in the compiler-team repo</p>",
        "id": 191925063,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585245505
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't think we've quite got it figured out yet but we're getting there</p>",
        "id": 191925096,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585245515
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>would it be helpful to interview someone from the compiler team to summarize that?</p>",
        "id": 191925448,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1585245620
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Well, I'm on the team :)</p>",
        "id": 191947784,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585256264
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm not sure there's a better person</p>",
        "id": 191947803,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585256273
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I know that a pre-RFC process was proposed for the lang team - is the lang team currently using one?</p>",
        "id": 193115146,
        "sender_full_name": "Nell Shamrell-Harrington",
        "timestamp": 1586215415
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Not really</p>",
        "id": 193218058,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586278879
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I mean \"informally\" the answer is \"create an internals thread\", to some extent</p>",
        "id": 193218080,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586278888
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So what's our next step here? Write an RFC about the pre-RFC process?  <span aria-label=\"upside down\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f643\" role=\"img\" title=\"upside down\">:upside_down:</span></p>",
        "id": 193304821,
        "sender_full_name": "Val Grimm",
        "timestamp": 1586344888
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We should discuss this more at our meeting, but I'd like if there was a way to try a process without committing to making an RFC for it.</p>",
        "id": 193326445,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1586355544
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I am working on a draft of the pre-RFC RFC....but it's going to be pretty rough. Which may not be a bad thing, it might prompt more discussion. I'll post a link to the draft here by EOD</p>",
        "id": 193349981,
        "sender_full_name": "Nell Shamrell-Harrington",
        "timestamp": 1586365642
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think Erin is right that an RFC is probably not appropriate yet. (Which is kind of fitting, given the subject!) Since there are no formal rules around how (or even if) discussion happens on a topic prior to an RFC, it should be pretty easy and low-risk to try out one or more pre-RFC strategies before proposing they become official.</p>",
        "id": 193353018,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1586367070
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>In some sense, we're already doing this with the FFI-unwind group, and also in this group with the Working Group RFC.</p>",
        "id": 193353411,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1586367267
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>But these are sort of high-effort RFCs with dedicated teams. I think we should also try out some strategies for when an RFC is simpler than that. Possibly, having a \"project group\" is lightweight enough that it's reasonable to just use that model even for small RFCs, but I would like to brainstorm a bit more about other options.</p>",
        "id": 193353634,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1586367409
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Switching from meta-level to object-level: I think one requirement for any process is that \"tentative buy-in\" from the relevant team (e.g. lang) should come early in the process.</p>",
        "id": 193353819,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1586367499
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>In project groups, the Liaison role formalizes that buy-in.</p>",
        "id": 193353911,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1586367553
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>I am working on a draft of the pre-RFC RFC....but it's going to be pretty rough. Which may not be a bad thing, it might prompt more discussion. I'll post a link to the draft here by EOD</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Yeah, I think there's value in writing a proposal like it would be an RFC, I just meant making an RFC as in all the work that comes after you've written it. <span aria-label=\"slight smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f642\" role=\"img\" title=\"slight smile\">:slight_smile:</span></p>",
        "id": 193383688,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1586383129
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Here's the very early (and incomplete) proposal <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/wg-governance/pull/47\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/wg-governance/pull/47\">https://github.com/rust-lang/wg-governance/pull/47</a></p>",
        "id": 193475708,
        "sender_full_name": "Nell Shamrell-Harrington",
        "timestamp": 1586450154
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I've been following what the lang team has been doing in creating their own pre-rfc process and it's fantastic <a href=\"#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Lang.20team.20proposals.2C.20project.20groups.2C.20and.20active.2Fbacklog/near/195909741\" title=\"#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Lang.20team.20proposals.2C.20project.20groups.2C.20and.20active.2Fbacklog/near/195909741\">https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/Lang.20team.20proposals.2C.20project.20groups.2C.20and.20active.2Fbacklog/near/195909741</a></p>",
        "id": 196716638,
        "sender_full_name": "Nell Shamrell-Harrington",
        "timestamp": 1588813121
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I wonder if it might make sense to delay creating a pre-RFC process for all teams and instead observe and learn from the lang team over the next few months</p>",
        "id": 196716657,
        "sender_full_name": "Nell Shamrell-Harrington",
        "timestamp": 1588813148
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>then, when we do create the RFC, we will have a proven, real world, Rust community example to draw from</p>",
        "id": 196716673,
        "sender_full_name": "Nell Shamrell-Harrington",
        "timestamp": 1588813167
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We're certainly happy to serve as guinea pigs. :)</p>",
        "id": 196725791,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1588825194
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Makes sense to me.</p>",
        "id": 196735736,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1588836906
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"225192\">@Nell Shamrell-Harrington</span> Are you (or anyone else) interested in actively following one or two proposals through the process?</p>",
        "id": 196736170,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1588837224
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think there would be value in having some people participate purely in a observer type role.</p>",
        "id": 196736297,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1588837346
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I am interested.</p>",
        "id": 196793916,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1588867888
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"120076\">@BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)</span> Would be okay then with being pinged about a status update in the governance meetings? I wouldn't expect a long update, just a small update on which ones you've been following along with any interesting observations, or things you think merit wider discussion.</p>",
        "id": 196796953,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1588869378
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, that seems like a good approach.</p>",
        "id": 196797092,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1588869442
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm unsure whether to do updates every meeting or every-other meeting. I think we should start with asking each meeting and if it seems like there are weeks with little-to-no new info, we can scale back. I'll also bring this up again when the meeting starts.</p>",
        "id": 196797348,
        "sender_full_name": "XAMPPRocky",
        "timestamp": 1588869571
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>My guess is that it will probably just depend on how quickly the specific project is moving. If it's anything like wg-ffi-unwind, the pace will probably be a bit uneven.</p>",
        "id": 196797510,
        "sender_full_name": "BatmanAoD (Kyle Strand)",
        "timestamp": 1588869642
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I wanted to bring up this idea about lang team and how it should interact with governance group efforts</p>",
        "id": 196798890,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1588870292
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I would also refer us to <a class=\"stream-topic\" data-stream-id=\"185694\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/mcp.20process.20and.20user-facing.20changes\">#t-compiler/wg-meta &gt; mcp process and user-facing changes</a></p>",
        "id": 196798982,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1588870323
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>which I think is \"related\"</p>",
        "id": 196798994,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1588870327
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>this is our effort on compiler-team to make a lightweight process that is \"more than a PR\" and \"less than a full RFC\"</p>",
        "id": 196799038,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1588870353
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it seems pretty related though to the lang-team \"proposals\"</p>",
        "id": 196799058,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1588870363
    }
]