[
    {
        "content": "<p>Mark <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/blog.rust-lang.org/pull/953\">posted</a></p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I also think it's worth considering whether there's some slightly more positive tone we might be able to adopt towards the end -- obviously, presuming it's not misleading. Maybe we can say something about looking forward to the new team members helping to expand the review capacity as they ramp up on the full breadth of Cargo?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>As I had mentioned in the team meeting, I had already been talking with <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"415544\">@Muscraft</span> about work to take off the cargo team's plate directly or reduce technical debt.  I assume it'd be helpful to have issues for these and a tag so we could include it in the blog post and maybe in the This Week in Rust.  There is of course the concern over mentorship bandwidth though for at least most of the items, I feel like I could take that on.</p>\n<p>My question is what set of tags do people thing would be useful?  \"Feature accepted\" and \"E-help-wanted\" seem appropriate but should we have anything to track the importance of technical debt items, whether a specialized tag or a priority tag?</p>\n<p>My list so far</p>\n<ul>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/cargo/issues/8736\">cargo-crate-api to replace documentation</a></li>\n<li>Snapbox work (no issue yet, blocked on cargo-add merge)</li>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/cargo/issues/5284\">PubGrub</a> (though I could see this being too involved to try to get help unless the person is <em>very</em> committed)</li>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/cargo/issues/10520\">cargo-rm</a></li>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/cargo/issues/10498\">cargo-upgrade</a></li>\n<li>nested workspaces and some limited modularization of cargo (no issue that I'm aware of)</li>\n</ul>\n<p><em>(resisting the urge to add my own \"nice to haves\" that are independent of team load, like cargo-publish fixes)</em></p>\n<p>If people have any other \"this would make the cargo-team's life easier\" tasks, feel free to post them!</p>",
        "id": 277171954,
        "sender_full_name": "Ed Page",
        "timestamp": 1648658258
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I remembered there was a  \"call for contribution\"  in <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/libm\">rust-lang/libm</a> for porting all math functions. We can setup a similar session for snapbox work because the changes will also be semi-mechanical to some extent. Maybe we can also have some guide and example PRs for the contributors, and then everyone can get those low hanging fruits.</p>",
        "id": 277174248,
        "sender_full_name": "Weihang Lo",
        "timestamp": 1648659118
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>just my perspective as an outsider - a lot of these look more like feature work than anything else, and I'd be worried they also run into the cargo team's limited review bandwidth. If there's anything I can do to help the cargo team itself, I have a fair bit of spare time lately :) I have a special interest in automating things but I can also do issue triage and things like that if you're interested</p>",
        "id": 277206805,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1648675932
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We've discussed most of these in the last cargo team meeting.</p>\n<ul>\n<li>In general, we want to be modularizing, and ideally offloading maintenance.  snapbox and pub grub fall into this</li>\n<li>Nested workspaces is a new feature but one of our barriers for modularizing is managing more crates and this would help us manage them</li>\n<li>cargo-rm and cargo upgrade are feature work but they are items on my personal plate and taking things off our personal plates is part of this</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 277207230,
        "sender_full_name": "Ed Page",
        "timestamp": 1648676200
    }
]