[
    {
        "content": "<p>So I just merged <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/2909\">rfc#2909</a> (<span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"121053\">@varkor</span>'s RFC on \"destructuring assigment\"). There is a tracking issue <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/71126\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/71126</a>. I'd like to track this on the project board. I am debating whether to create a \"project group\" issue for it or add the tracking issue. <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"239881\">@Josh Triplett</span> I think you expressed the idea that we should be more uniform, which I'm inclined to agree with, but I am not sure the best way to resolve this overall discrepancy =)</p>\n<p>(Also, this is not exactly a <em>project group</em> I suppose)</p>",
        "id": 214731961,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1603818620
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think being more uniform is nice, but I am pretty strongly opposed I think to calling things project groups unless they actually are :)</p>",
        "id": 214739887,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1603821848
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>That said, I think it's totally reasonable if e.g. <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"121053\">@varkor</span> and a liaison from the lang team form a tiny project group.</p>",
        "id": 214739964,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1603821873
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Happy to do whatever is most convenient for the lang team.</p>",
        "id": 214740652,
        "sender_full_name": "varkor",
        "timestamp": 1603822140
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah so I think what I'd like is to rename the project-group label to just project</p>",
        "id": 214748397,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1603825493
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>actually I don't know if I'd like that :)</p>",
        "id": 214748458,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1603825517
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I've wrestled some with this question -- actually <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"239881\">@Josh Triplett</span> and I sketched out a bit in our last call and I thought we were getting to some useful distinctions, the idea being to separate out a bit better the phases and steps between them</p>",
        "id": 214748650,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1603825580
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I think in general I'm a bit annoyed about the duplication between various kinds of \"tracking issues\"</p>",
        "id": 214749563,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1603825956
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm all for just making it \"project\".</p>",
        "id": 214805168,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1603872490
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the other option is just to use <em>tracking issues</em> directly</p>",
        "id": 214881818,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1603911078
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if we don't then .. what is the role of the tracking issue vs project issue?</p>",
        "id": 214881831,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1603911086
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess I see it as kind of useful to have the \"clean issue\" and also the \"lang team specific comments\"</p>",
        "id": 214881849,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1603911098
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but thus far we've not gotten into much of a rhythm around liaisons actually posting updates in advance of the meeting</p>",
        "id": 214881863,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1603911109
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I suppose maybe I can do a better job actively pinging people and requesting that</p>",
        "id": 214881879,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1603911116
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't relish the idea of creating a bunch of <em>project</em> issues, one for each unstable tracking issue</p>",
        "id": 214881970,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1603911140
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>otoh it might be useful</p>",
        "id": 214881981,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1603911152
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I've been liking the \"talk about this on Zulip or a dedicated issue, not this tracking issue\" part of a bunch of these.  Maybe we could just make that the all-up policy for tracking issues?</p>",
        "id": 214885595,
        "sender_full_name": "scottmcm",
        "timestamp": 1603912989
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think so long as they avoid the floods of messages they're ok.</p>",
        "id": 214885644,
        "sender_full_name": "scottmcm",
        "timestamp": 1603913022
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm liking the \"post summaries to github and everything else to Zulip\" approach.</p>",
        "id": 214888877,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1603914768
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think the second bit may not be \"to Zulip\" necessarily, but I think I do really like \"everything else not on the issue\" bit.</p>",
        "id": 214894271,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1603917416
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes strong +1 on this</p>",
        "id": 214905153,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1603923877
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I really dislike how tracking issues track a bunch of random comments and questions</p>",
        "id": 214905161,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1603923885
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>at the same time, there does need to be a venue for folks to raise them</p>",
        "id": 214905167,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1603923891
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it <em>is</em> true that if these all become active projects, they would have associated streams</p>",
        "id": 214905179,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1603923901
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>which helps somewhat</p>",
        "id": 214905187,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1603923903
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I am a bit worried about how lang-team project issues are a kind of \"silo\", too</p>",
        "id": 214905202,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1603923914
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'd particularly like to consolidate with libs/compiler practice a bit</p>",
        "id": 214905225,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1603923935
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>e.g., if there is a joint lang-libs project, does it need two issues? or just one?</p>",
        "id": 214905236,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1603923950
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>just one feels right</p>",
        "id": 214907599,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1603925725
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>presumably with roughly 2 weekly-ish comments, from the team(s)</p>",
        "id": 214907612,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1603925736
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>One sounds great, and it can be on two tracking boards if need be.</p>",
        "id": 214908610,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1603926393
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>One Zulip stream as well.</p>",
        "id": 214908625,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1603926403
    }
]