[
    {
        "content": "<p>So, there doesn't appear to be any active maintainer on the nomicon (<a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/nomicon\">https://github.com/rust-lang/nomicon</a>) at the moment (in fact many recent PRs have not been reviewed)<br>\nMost recently, Gankra and before that, Centril seemed to be taking care of it.<br>\nI don't know if the nomicon is under the control of the lang team or not (sorry if it's the wrong place to ask!), but we are checking the toolstate of this document, so it would be nice to have someone to take care of it explicitly.<br>\nI'm happy to help maintain if the members approve it<br>\nor if someone wants to do it, it'd be also great :)</p>",
        "id": 206070869,
        "sender_full_name": "Yuki Okushi",
        "timestamp": 1596657562
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think the answer is that the lang team <em>should</em> take care of it, but -- much like the reference -- we haven't really managed to setup a sustainable way to do that</p>",
        "id": 206081359,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1596663391
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so does it make sense to have <code>wg-nomicon</code> or something else to promote things?</p>",
        "id": 206081978,
        "sender_full_name": "Yuki Okushi",
        "timestamp": 1596663796
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh, I found a similar topic: <a href=\"#narrow/stream/237824-t-lang.2Fwg-reference/topic/Nomicon.3F\">https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/237824-t-lang.2Fwg-reference/topic/Nomicon.3F</a></p>",
        "id": 206083913,
        "sender_full_name": "Yuki Okushi",
        "timestamp": 1596665151
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think at least it makes sense that we have the stream here so that we can ask the reviews like the reference</p>",
        "id": 206084050,
        "sender_full_name": "Yuki Okushi",
        "timestamp": 1596665274
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think it makes sense for the nomicon and the reference to be under the same roof</p>",
        "id": 206106888,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1596692586
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"217081\">@Yuki Okushi</span> We would love to see ongoing contributions to it and tending of it. :)</p>",
        "id": 206106891,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1596692608
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>If the problem becomes bandwidth to review PRs, that'll be a good problem to have. :)</p>",
        "id": 206106945,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1596692655
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"239881\">Josh Triplett</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/196563-t-lang.2Fwg-meta/topic/maintain.20status.20of.20nomicon/near/206106888\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I think it makes sense for the nomicon and the reference to be under the same roof</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>it means the nomicon team should be included to the reference one? or should they be under the lang team but separated?</p>",
        "id": 206107078,
        "sender_full_name": "Yuki Okushi",
        "timestamp": 1596692875
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Just saying that I think it makes sense for the teams to work together. :)</p>",
        "id": 206109246,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1596696053
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>They're both language-level documentation.</p>",
        "id": 206109247,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1596696058
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ah got it!</p>",
        "id": 206115686,
        "sender_full_name": "Yuki Okushi",
        "timestamp": 1596702627
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>can help maintaining it if needed as well <span aria-label=\"smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f642\" role=\"img\" title=\"smile\">:smile:</span></p>",
        "id": 206162391,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1596730135
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so, could I propose forming the team as a first step? I'd like to fix the toolstate of nomicon but it's blocked due to the absence of reviewers</p>",
        "id": 206770045,
        "sender_full_name": "Yuki Okushi",
        "timestamp": 1597278986
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>cc <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> and/or <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"239881\">@Josh Triplett</span> --^</p>",
        "id": 206770063,
        "sender_full_name": "Yuki Okushi",
        "timestamp": 1597279025
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>any updates here? I'd like to submit a PR to the team repo to form the initial nomicon team if there's no objection (actually, we were blocked in <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/nomicon/pull/233\">https://github.com/rust-lang/nomicon/pull/233</a> for about two weeks)</p>",
        "id": 207270286,
        "sender_full_name": "Yuki Okushi",
        "timestamp": 1597762856
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>cc <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> and/or <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"239881\">@Josh Triplett</span>, sorry to ping again, but I'd like to hear your opinions as the team leads</p>",
        "id": 207270550,
        "sender_full_name": "Yuki Okushi",
        "timestamp": 1597762975
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hmm</p>",
        "id": 207279136,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1597766819
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm sorry, it's kind of hard for me to dedicate much mental bandwidth to this right now :)</p>",
        "id": 207279177,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1597766836
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe open an issue on the lang-team repo, or a \"MCP\" proposal?</p>",
        "id": 207279220,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1597766857
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I do think creating a team makes sense in general tho</p>",
        "id": 207279238,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1597766867
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/196563-t-lang.2Fwg-meta/topic/maintain.20status.20of.20nomicon/near/207279177\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I'm sorry, it's kind of hard for me to dedicate much mental bandwidth to this right now :)</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>ahhh, don't worry, I may know what the cause is, sorry to bother...</p>",
        "id": 207286855,
        "sender_full_name": "Yuki Okushi",
        "timestamp": 1597770657
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/196563-t-lang.2Fwg-meta/topic/maintain.20status.20of.20nomicon/near/207279220\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>maybe open an issue on the lang-team repo, or a \"MCP\" proposal?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>sure! will do shortly</p>",
        "id": 207286897,
        "sender_full_name": "Yuki Okushi",
        "timestamp": 1597770681
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>opened: <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/lang-team/issues/47\">https://github.com/rust-lang/lang-team/issues/47</a></p>",
        "id": 207288546,
        "sender_full_name": "Yuki Okushi",
        "timestamp": 1597771397
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we don't really need a team, even giving write-access to a bunch of people will be sufficient enough. Though a team will be easier for coordination</p>",
        "id": 207289325,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1597771765
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well, given there's the reference team already and they coordinate fine, I think it's reasonable here as well</p>",
        "id": 207289573,
        "sender_full_name": "Yuki Okushi",
        "timestamp": 1597771878
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>at least, zulip stream or something is needed, I believe</p>",
        "id": 207289719,
        "sender_full_name": "Yuki Okushi",
        "timestamp": 1597771934
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"217081\">@Yuki Okushi</span> Does it make sense to have two separate groups, or might it make sense to have a lang-doc group that has permission to both the nomicon and the reference?</p>",
        "id": 207294930,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1597774553
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Even if some people more commonly commit to the nomicon and others more commonly commit to the reference, I don't think any harm would be done by giving both sets of people commit access to both.</p>",
        "id": 207295001,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1597774576
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"239881\">@Josh Triplett</span> I don't have a strong opinion/objection for it but I feel like they deal with a slightly different areas.</p>",
        "id": 207295271,
        "sender_full_name": "Yuki Okushi",
        "timestamp": 1597774722
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well, indeed it's annoying a bit to form a team each time we create a new docs<br>\nso I don't mind it's separated or not :)</p>",
        "id": 207296241,
        "sender_full_name": "Yuki Okushi",
        "timestamp": 1597775171
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>That's kinda what I was thinking.</p>",
        "id": 207296525,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1597775332
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hey <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"239881\">@Josh Triplett</span>, any updates on this, could we just go ahead, or is approval from the team is needed? <a class=\"stream\" data-stream-id=\"237824\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/237824-t-lang.2Fdoc\">#t-lang/doc</a>  is already created so we could finish this topic by setting up for the actual team and perms</p>",
        "id": 210669700,
        "sender_full_name": "Yuki Okushi",
        "timestamp": 1600612692
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think a team and permissions are already set up for the reference, so it would just be a matter of giving that same team permission to the nomicon, and then adding people to that team.</p>",
        "id": 210674584,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1600620499
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>That does need lang approval for the delegation, but you could file an issue on the rust-lang/team repository about it, and cc rust-lang/lang to confirm.</p>",
        "id": 210674621,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1600620597
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Someone can chime in and say \"yes, please go ahead\", and then infra can handle the permission change.</p>",
        "id": 210674673,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1600620627
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay, I'll file it later, thanks!</p>",
        "id": 210674693,
        "sender_full_name": "Yuki Okushi",
        "timestamp": 1600620683
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>opened: <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/team/issues/443\">https://github.com/rust-lang/team/issues/443</a></p>",
        "id": 211737584,
        "sender_full_name": "Yuki Okushi",
        "timestamp": 1601459742
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> Friendly-ping! I think this proposal is accepted as some lang members ack. The rest of the process is to merge the PR on the team repo (<a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/team/pull/445\">https://github.com/rust-lang/team/pull/445</a>) and set up repository permission (I guess it's enough that the team has <code>write</code> access for the nomicon and reference), this can be done by someone from the core. Could you take care of it as a lang lead and core?<br>\nThe toolstate is fine right now but it'd be great if we could finish things before breakage :) Thanks!</p>",
        "id": 213336414,
        "sender_full_name": "Yuki Okushi",
        "timestamp": 1602702026
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"217081\">@Yuki Okushi</span> thanks!</p>",
        "id": 213337024,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1602702341
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>thanks Niko for reviewing/merging it &lt;3</p>",
        "id": 213492609,
        "sender_full_name": "Yuki Okushi",
        "timestamp": 1602798665
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it'd be great if someone could set-up repository permission so that we can start working on it</p>",
        "id": 213492670,
        "sender_full_name": "Yuki Okushi",
        "timestamp": 1602798709
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"217081\">@Yuki Okushi</span> I can do that, yeah</p>",
        "id": 213577880,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1602863303
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"217081\">@Yuki Okushi</span> ok lang-docs should have write access to nomicon</p>",
        "id": 213578176,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1602863459
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and to the rust reference</p>",
        "id": 213578238,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1602863488
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Awesome, thanks for taking care of it!</p>",
        "id": 213578335,
        "sender_full_name": "Yuki Okushi",
        "timestamp": 1602863530
    }
]