[
    {
        "content": "<p>so, we discussed in the infra team meeting bots for the out-of-tree repositories</p>",
        "id": 163681828,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1555615044
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and... there were some conflicting opinions</p>",
        "id": 163681853,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1555615072
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>on one hand we want configuring bots to be as easy as possible, ideally in a way y'all can do that without even notifying infra</p>",
        "id": 163681990,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1555615163
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but on the other hand we don't want to give bots full permissions across the whole org, since having a god token is not really the best thing security wise</p>",
        "id": 163682103,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1555615233
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>there were also some doubts whether bors is really needed for out of tree repos</p>",
        "id": 163682319,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1555615400
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116107\">@davidtwco</span> ?</p>",
        "id": 163682327,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1555615406
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the way I'm envisioning a possible \"setting up bots\" workflow (at least for triagebot) is:<br>\n- adding a configuration file (like <code>triagebot.toml</code>) at the root of the repo with the bot configuration file<br>\n- adding write access to a \"bots\" team in the settings</p>",
        "id": 163682466,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1555615505
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think the primary desire is to have a uniform contributing experience for compiler folks whether they work in tree or out.</p>",
        "id": 163683010,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1555615905
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>And a decent part of that is bots.</p>",
        "id": 163683090,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1555615944
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>also cc <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116122\">@simulacrum</span></p>",
        "id": 163684321,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1555616813
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116107\">@davidtwco</span> hmm, ok</p>",
        "id": 163684376,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1555616857
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>setting up bors is going to require manually pinging the infra team for the foreseeable future, but we can make adding triagebot a thing you can do yourself as the compiler team</p>",
        "id": 163684483,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1555616913
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and for highfive... I just want to reimplement it in triagebot in the near future</p>",
        "id": 163684509,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1555616933
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't think we'll be creating out-of-tree crates <em>that</em> much, at least in the short term. So that sounds totally fine.</p>\n<p>We've got <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/57\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/57\">compiler-team#57</a> to finish off our out-of-tree crates instructions, and most of that is documenting how to set up the bots and things like that.</p>",
        "id": 163685088,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1555617326
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>FWIW <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116015\">@Alex Crichton</span> has mentioned multiple times that bors is <em>probably</em> not needed for anything beyond rust-lang/rust</p>",
        "id": 163687499,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1555618974
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I .. am of mixed minds. I agree with <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116107\">@davidtwco</span> that it'd be nice to be uniform in our process and experience. I also agree that for most smaller repos I don't feel a strong need for bors. I'm curious what the downsides of using bors are.</p>",
        "id": 163694700,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1555624998
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Like, if the setup is  easy...why not?</p>",
        "id": 163694703,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1555625004
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>the way I'm envisioning a possible \"setting up bots\" workflow (at least for triagebot) is:<br>\n- adding a configuration file (like <code>triagebot.toml</code>) at the root of the repo with the bot configuration file<br>\n- adding write access to a \"bots\" team in the settings</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>in general though this sounds pretty good</p>",
        "id": 163694716,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1555625033
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'll clarify that I feel the same way, I don't disagree that most of the repos probably don't warrant as heavyweight a tool as bors while simultaneously thinking it would be valuable to have a uniform experience across repositories.</p>",
        "id": 163694899,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1555625181
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well, the setup of bors is a bit of a pain because it requires a RCS redeploy, which is not nice</p>",
        "id": 163696409,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1555626774
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but the upside is that bors configuration doesn't really change once setup, especially now that reviewers are moved to the team repo</p>",
        "id": 163696431,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1555626807
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> yeah I'd agree with <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"121055\">@Pietro Albini</span> in that the setup is pretty nontrivial right now and runs a risk of putting too much burden on the infra team relative to the gains earned</p>",
        "id": 163699262,
        "sender_full_name": "Alex Crichton",
        "timestamp": 1555629936
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I definitely agree that having a good uniform experience is nice though</p>",
        "id": 163699278,
        "sender_full_name": "Alex Crichton",
        "timestamp": 1555629949
    }
]