[
    {
        "content": "<p>So I've been a bit busy the last few days but I wanted to try and get started a bit with this \"meta\" discussion. I feel like there are a ton of burning concrete questions that I would like to act on. But probably the first thing to define is the <strong>scope</strong> of the working group / discussion.</p>\n<p>My view of the meta working group \"charter\" is something like this:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Describe and document how the compiler team functions at a high-level</li>\n<li>Create templates and some minimal guidelines for working groups</li>\n<li>Write down initial list of working groups :)</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 158429078,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550053601
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think we can kind of adjust on the fly. I don't see this being a huge time sync. But there are a number of questions I would like to find the answers to very soon. Examples:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>What naming convention to use for Zulip streams? <code>t-compiler/wg-foo</code>?</li>\n<li>Where do we store the documents describing compile team? I propose <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team\">the compiler-team repository</a></li>\n<li>What about for working groups? Same repo? Dedicated repo?</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 158429110,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550053640
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>But maybe -- backing up a bit -- another good question is .. who is interested in participating in this?</p>\n<p>To that end, cc <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"897\">@T-compiler/meeting</span> <span aria-label=\"point up\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f446\" role=\"img\" title=\"point up\">:point_up:</span></p>",
        "id": 158429128,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550053668
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I am</p>",
        "id": 158429428,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1550053938
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>...who is interested in participating in this?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p><span aria-label=\"hand\" class=\"emoji emoji-270b\" role=\"img\" title=\"hand\">:hand:</span></p>",
        "id": 158429493,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1550054034
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I am interested too</p>",
        "id": 158449832,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1550072050
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm interested in listening in, but probably can't contribute much.</p>",
        "id": 158468765,
        "sender_full_name": "Cem Karan",
        "timestamp": 1550085448
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I am also interested</p>",
        "id": 158469506,
        "sender_full_name": "Sunjay Varma",
        "timestamp": 1550085930
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if I can make it then I'd like to join in, but I'm not sure I want to constrain the schedule (nor take an evening meeting)</p>",
        "id": 158474402,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1550089806
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Sorry for failure to follow-up. I was thinking of scheduling an initial meeting with the goal of helping to elaborate out the \"goals and questions\" this working group aims to add, and to kind of roughly prioritize them. I was hoping to do an initial brainstorm of my own thoughts and encourage others to do the same -- maybe make a Google form?</p>\n<p>I suppose we can schedule that meeting for next week. I think Zulip is probably the way to go here, this doesn't feel like it requires video.</p>",
        "id": 158538076,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550158250
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>That sounds good to me.</p>",
        "id": 158538107,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1550158280
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Just noted at <a href=\"#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/.2354818.20weekly.20meeting.202019-02-14/near/158540857\" title=\"#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/.2354818.20weekly.20meeting.202019-02-14/near/158540857\">https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/.2354818.20weekly.20meeting.202019-02-14/near/158540857</a> that there doesn't appear to be a global calendar of different meeting dates/locations that everyone can see.  Maybe that's something that this group could discuss as well.</p>",
        "id": 158541108,
        "sender_full_name": "Cem Karan",
        "timestamp": 1550160292
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"202560\">@Cem Karan</span> yes, as I noted, great idea. This is precisely the sort of thing I want to be collecting in the leadup to the meeting</p>",
        "id": 158541511,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550160623
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>How should we do that? I could create a hackmd doc or something where people can just add stuff... but maybe a google form?</p>",
        "id": 158541530,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550160638
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(actually, maybe just having a \"suggestion box\" is a good idea in general)</p>",
        "id": 158541539,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550160659
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Google forms aren't particularly easy to edit after submission. If I threw my ideas in a form submission then I'd be almost guaranteed to come up with some more tomorrow after submitting.</p>",
        "id": 158541566,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1550160703
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> Thanks! One more task to add to the set of thigns to do is to collect a set of tools that seem to work everywhere.  Where I work, they block both dropbox and google docs (to what extent that they can). Maybe we should collect a set of tool suggestions, and then have everyone test to see what they can reach from their various work sites...</p>",
        "id": 158541640,
        "sender_full_name": "Cem Karan",
        "timestamp": 1550160743
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Need to run, wife is waiting for Valentine's Day! <span aria-label=\"wink\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f609\" role=\"img\" title=\"wink\">:wink:</span></p>",
        "id": 158541660,
        "sender_full_name": "Cem Karan",
        "timestamp": 1550160775
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"202560\">@Cem Karan</span> I've never heard of anyone blocking those tools before, but that is good to know</p>",
        "id": 158541781,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550160891
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>Google forms aren't particularly easy to edit after submission. If I threw my ideas in a form submission then I'd be almost guaranteed to come up with some more tomorrow after submitting.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I imagined it being ok to submit more than once, but let's just do a HackMd doc -- or people can prepare their own gists too</p>",
        "id": 158541815,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550160916
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>I imagined it being ok to submit more than once, but let's just do a HackMd doc -- or people can prepare their own gists too</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>A google form is probably fine if we can enable multiple submissions. Particularly as a general suggestion box.</p>",
        "id": 158541964,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1550161044
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah, I just sort of like the idea of a suggestion box generally -- though maybe not for this. The idea being that we periodically review it at steering meetings etc</p>",
        "id": 158542130,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550161199
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>OK, I think we should do our first meeting next week. Here is a doodle poll for what times can make it:</p>\n<p><a href=\"https://doodle.com/poll/3apztsaipkd797n3\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://doodle.com/poll/3apztsaipkd797n3\">https://doodle.com/poll/3apztsaipkd797n3</a></p>\n<p>I figure this will be on Zulip.</p>",
        "id": 158626981,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550248037
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Posted meeting on the <a href=\"https://internals.rust-lang.org/t/rust-compiler-team-public-calendar/9456\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://internals.rust-lang.org/t/rust-compiler-team-public-calendar/9456\">compiler calendar</a>: Thu 2-3pm UTC-05:00. I'll try to prepare an agenda etc before then but it'd definitely be good if people take some time to think about suggestions, idea, or just problems they've had in terms of participating in the compiler team -- maybe write those out onto a hackmd document or gist. If you send me the links, I'll try to compile them and make them available.</p>\n<p>PS, it's a holiday here, so mostly AFK.</p>",
        "id": 158802613,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550499214
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I did some brainstorming yesterday and wrote up a gist of thoughts/themes that seem important to me. They are in no particular order. I may go back and edit and try to sort:</p>\n<p><a href=\"https://gist.github.com/nikomatsakis/6d6ff59259ee8e69171b91c3c3e27165\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://gist.github.com/nikomatsakis/6d6ff59259ee8e69171b91c3c3e27165\">https://gist.github.com/nikomatsakis/6d6ff59259ee8e69171b91c3c3e27165</a></p>",
        "id": 158965950,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550660809
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I threw together a gist last week with some thoughts and potential questions worth answering too. There's a decent amount of overlap with <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span>'s gist. </p>\n<p><em>Disclaimer</em>: not all of these are things that I'm personally concerned about, it's just an attempt to enumerate things that might be worth thinking about.</p>\n<p><a href=\"https://gist.github.com/davidtwco/5b7a9db9c18b0a82ce3f1a7b1a685433\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://gist.github.com/davidtwco/5b7a9db9c18b0a82ce3f1a7b1a685433\">https://gist.github.com/davidtwco/5b7a9db9c18b0a82ce3f1a7b1a685433</a></p>",
        "id": 158966320,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1550661310
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Seems like we should try to form a draft agenda -- I can try to do this, but <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116107\">@davidtwco</span> if you have time to help that would also be super. I was thinking of trying to prioritize things that would help us get the \"overall feel\" of the system. So maybe:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>discussion about the role of the meetings</li>\n<li>setting up the website</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 158966404,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550661420
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It occurs to me it's probably worth talking a bit about the \"role\" of this WG, and that perhaps I should put some thought into recruiting and/or advertising for the meeting -- but I think maybe for first meeting we should not try to tackle complex topics (e.g., defining the role of a journeyperson in more depth) but rather try to setup achievable tasks (like: adjust website to list videos or something) and then we can try to get people involved in helping us do those tasks?</p>",
        "id": 158966474,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550661488
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Here's a paper for us to collect notes and things from first meeting:</p>\n<p><a href=\"https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Compiler-Meta-WG--AX6iE~hXnDGbQ5Jh5IlFoo7PAg-vnEJ2iD7MCc515MW2oR22\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Compiler-Meta-WG--AX6iE~hXnDGbQ5Jh5IlFoo7PAg-vnEJ2iD7MCc515MW2oR22\">https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Compiler-Meta-WG--AX6iE~hXnDGbQ5Jh5IlFoo7PAg-vnEJ2iD7MCc515MW2oR22</a></p>",
        "id": 158966496,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550661533
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>setting up the website</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Do you mean <a href=\"http://rust-lang.org\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"http://rust-lang.org\">rust-lang.org</a> or the compiler-team repo's README?</p>",
        "id": 158966498,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1550661536
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well I meant the latter, but I do think there is a tiny amount of overlap in that I want to get the compiler-team's repo more visible from the main website</p>",
        "id": 158966510,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550661557
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>still I think we have a bit of work to do \"locally\" before we start trying to figure out how to tie that in to the main site</p>",
        "id": 158966514,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550661570
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Perhaps the initial meeting should focus on understanding and enumerating the problems that the working group aims to solve and any constraints we want on the solution space (ie. don't want to introduce unnecessary bureaucracy or administrative overhead). </p>\n<p>Then interested parties in the working group could discuss the various problems we aim to solve (in Zulip topics or compiler-team github issues?) and propose various solutions to them. And by the next meeting (next week or the week after perhaps), there can be a small summary of each issue and solutions, some discussion and talk about how to move forward with these solutions  - how to make them visible (ie. website), how to implement them - some concrete next steps.</p>\n<p><span aria-label=\"shrug\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f937\" role=\"img\" title=\"shrug\">:shrug:</span></p>",
        "id": 158967598,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1550663001
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Seems like getting a sense of our overall scope is good. I think also good is kind of coming up with some immediately workable things. I'm generally wary of trying to plan too far in advance -- things usually become clearer once you've gotten going a bit.</p>",
        "id": 158968080,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550663559
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>My only reservation with my suggestion is that it is perhaps too slow going and even slightly redundant as some problems we've already decided on solutions to - e.g. working groups, journeypeople - there are just some unresolved questions about those. Though it would clarify the scope of the wg.</p>",
        "id": 158968161,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1550663673
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I can also help to put up an agenda if needed, unsure if you have already done it</p>",
        "id": 158972713,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1550668207
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>As far as I know we've not =) I created <a href=\"https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Compiler-Meta-WG--AX6iE~hXnDGbQ5Jh5IlFoo7PAg-vnEJ2iD7MCc515MW2oR22\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Compiler-Meta-WG--AX6iE~hXnDGbQ5Jh5IlFoo7PAg-vnEJ2iD7MCc515MW2oR22\">a DropBox paper</a> but I wanted to go through the gists and kind of collect and collate the items into categories</p>",
        "id": 158994367,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550683302
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i.e., detect duplicates</p>",
        "id": 158994371,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550683307
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I've actually just started adding some basic agenda items to the paper you linked earlier.</p>",
        "id": 158994389,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1550683319
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok, seems good</p>",
        "id": 158996943,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1550685136
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> I've added only a few bullet points as I don't know exactly what you want to discuss. But I have de-duplicated and listed ideas/questions from our gists.</p>",
        "id": 158997609,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1550685604
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the main topics are organizational in the sense of structures, roles, responsibilites and team work and in the sense of tools to use in order to keep everything on track</p>",
        "id": 158997927,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1550685837
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hey all</p>",
        "id": 159087230,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550770157
    }
]