[
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"1095\">@WG-compiler-meta</span>  Here's a <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/pull/19\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/pull/19\">draft of the crates policy</a> that we discussed briefly at the meeting yesterday - I'd appreciate any comments., there's not a lot there but I think I got all that was in the All Hands notes.</p>",
        "id": 159698397,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1551436335
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>hey <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116107\">@davidtwco</span> sorry but I am a bit lost, when did we discussed about crates policy?</p>",
        "id": 159712763,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1551447118
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>didn't that happen at All Hands?</p>",
        "id": 159712812,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1551447129
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or was that a different meeting</p>",
        "id": 159712820,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1551447137
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>are you talking about this <a href=\"#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E02.2E28\" title=\"#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E02.2E28\">https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E02.2E28</a> meeting?</p>",
        "id": 159712972,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1551447246
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It did. But Niko had put \"identifying a set of procedures to describe\" on the agenda. I <a href=\"#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E02.2E28/near/159643996\" title=\"#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E02.2E28/near/159643996\">then sent this message</a> and mentioned it in the task summary at the end.</p>",
        "id": 159712974,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1551447248
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We didn't discuss it, we just mentioned summarising what happened at the All Hands into the repo.</p>",
        "id": 159713078,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1551447339
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah, I wasn't fast enough to check quickly that paper doc</p>",
        "id": 159713095,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1551447354
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I've updated <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/pull/19\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/pull/19\">the draft crates policy</a> after yesterday's steering meeting. Would appreciate another wave of feedback.</p>\n<p>cc <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"897\">@T-compiler/meeting</span> and <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"1095\">@WG-compiler-meta</span></p>",
        "id": 159800335,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1551537875
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"124287\">@mw</span> and I were talking and they mentioned that the <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"1123\">@WG-self-profile</span> group was mildly blocked on the lack of a policy here</p>",
        "id": 160573420,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1552400021
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We should discuss what it takes to \"finalize\" this =)</p>",
        "id": 160573435,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1552400029
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I see that the policy has been merged meanwhile</p>",
        "id": 160573512,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1552400061
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Has it?</p>",
        "id": 160573526,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1552400075
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(<a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/pull/19\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/pull/19\">https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/pull/19</a>)</p>",
        "id": 160573529,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1552400077
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The PR <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/pull/19\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/pull/19\">https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/pull/19</a> still says Draft?</p>",
        "id": 160573531,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1552400079
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>right, I went by color :)</p>",
        "id": 160573554,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1552400097
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah, I keep getting confused by that too</p>",
        "id": 160573567,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1552400104
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>\"draft\" and \"merged\" have similar label colors :)</p>",
        "id": 160573577,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1552400112
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I see that there was some conversation about GH privileges, but I feel like that is something we should discuss separately</p>",
        "id": 160573578,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1552400113
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that is, we were talking about doing some kind of meeting with <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"121055\">@Pietro Albini</span> and other infra folks to try and get a coherent set of GH teams and privileges</p>",
        "id": 160573603,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1552400138
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>there's also this: <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rustc-guide/issues/285\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rustc-guide/issues/285\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rustc-guide/issues/285</a></p>",
        "id": 160573625,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1552400157
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>my personal take would be that we would just match roughly what rust-lang/rust does, except that maybe some add'l people from WG can be added with r+ for that specific crate</p>",
        "id": 160573627,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1552400158
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>which I'd be very interested in</p>",
        "id": 160573675,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1552400167
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i.e. how to set up all the infrastructure</p>",
        "id": 160573691,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1552400181
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>like bors</p>",
        "id": 160573698,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1552400186
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>what things do you think fall under rustc-guide#285 that are not part of .. I see</p>",
        "id": 160573703,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1552400188
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah, the policy doesn't say <em>how</em> to do the things</p>",
        "id": 160573708,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1552400192
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes</p>",
        "id": 160573718,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1552400200
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but the how is a big part of it</p>",
        "id": 160573724,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1552400207
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok, this is very good feedback, so maybe we can make a kind of check-list of what is missing from feeling like this work item is done?</p>",
        "id": 160573725,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1552400208
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>my sense is that the policy is more-or-less \"good enough\" as a draft</p>",
        "id": 160573732,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1552400216
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>a template project would be awesome</p>",
        "id": 160573736,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1552400221
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and we should merge it as a kind of \"draft\", perhaps enumerating a few unknowns</p>",
        "id": 160573746,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1552400226
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>sounds good to me</p>",
        "id": 160573773,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1552400250
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'd sort of like to be following a vaguely \"staged\" setup here</p>",
        "id": 160573785,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1552400258
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe we should add to the top of the procedure file a header like</p>\n<div class=\"codehilite\"><pre><span></span>**Status:** Active draft\n</pre></div>\n\n\n<p>where we define \"active draft\" to mean \"these guidelines are not finalized but they are generally correct, you should go ahead and follow them but be aware they may change. Feel free to make suggestions for improvements.\"</p>",
        "id": 160573888,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1552400315
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and then we can enumerate the unknowns and merg</p>",
        "id": 160573895,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1552400326
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(cc <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116107\">@davidtwco</span>, do you have a sense of the unknowns? e.g., GH privs might be one)</p>",
        "id": 160573906,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1552400335
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I deliberately didn't discuss how to set up the infrastructure as that's more on a infra thing that they could add or elaborate on.</p>",
        "id": 160573910,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1552400342
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah, I don't think it should be part of a \"policy\", but I do think we should work a bit on it</p>",
        "id": 160573927,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1552400354
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes, sounds good. I think we are at a point where it makes sense to collect active experience</p>",
        "id": 160573934,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1552400360
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>There's <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/pull/19#discussion_r263996368\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/pull/19#discussion_r263996368\">centril's comment</a>.</p>",
        "id": 160573936,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1552400363
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"126931\">@centril</span>'s comment I think concerns GH privileges?</p>",
        "id": 160573948,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1552400377
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if so, that was why I listed it as an \"unknown to figure out with infra team\"</p>",
        "id": 160573954,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1552400385
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or was there somethign else to it</p>",
        "id": 160573962,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1552400391
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>In part yeah, but it also discusses the wording of the policy.</p>",
        "id": 160574018,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1552400404
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>I deliberately didn't discuss how to set up the infrastructure as that's more on a infra thing that they could add or elaborate on.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>regarding this, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116107\">@davidtwco</span>, I think a first step would be to list out all the things that we should document -- perhaps as a checklist issue on rustc-guide</p>",
        "id": 160574034,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1552400409
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>then we could try to call some attention to getting that written up, if you don't know the answers</p>",
        "id": 160574053,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1552400430
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I for one have no idea how to setup bors, for example :P</p>",
        "id": 160574064,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1552400436
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I think we should at least start with a crystallized list of the steps one might need to take</p>",
        "id": 160574071,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1552400446
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that in and of itself is helpful</p>",
        "id": 160574074,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1552400448
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>unless the policy draft already has that, I forget, but it feels like something that maybe shouldn't be in the policy per se. The plicy would probably say \"setup the standard infrastructure, as documented here\"</p>",
        "id": 160574108,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1552400483
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The rustc-guide issue was mainly focused on \"how do I work with an out-of-tree crate\" - I imagined things like making a local copy to edit and integrating that with a local rustc build rather than the infrastructure surrounding creating the crate.</p>",
        "id": 160574126,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1552400498
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>The rustc-guide issue was mainly focused on \"how do I work with an out-of-tree crate\" - I imagined things like making a local copy to edit and integrating that with a local rustc build rather than the infrastructure surrounding creating the crate.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I think the setup part could also be part of the rustc-guide</p>",
        "id": 160574198,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1552400540
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It does have a list of steps, but I just hand-wave the infra part away by saying:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Consult with the infrastructure team to set up <code>@bors</code> and <code>@rust-highfive</code> and a process for  publishing under the \"The Rust Project Developers\" <a href=\"http://crates.io\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"http://crates.io\">crates.io</a> account.</p>\n</blockquote>",
        "id": 160574202,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1552400546
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>There's <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/pull/19#discussion_r263996368\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/pull/19#discussion_r263996368\">centril's comment</a>.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>regarding this comment, as I wrote above, I think we should just say that our aim is \"anyone with r+ on rust-lang/rust should have r+ on these crates, plus maybe extra people\"</p>",
        "id": 160574203,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1552400546
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or part of the compiler-team repo</p>",
        "id": 160574213,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1552400557
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>regarding this comment, as I wrote above, I think we should just say that our aim is \"anyone with r+ on rust-lang/rust should have r+ on these crates, plus maybe extra people\"</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I'll update it to this.</p>",
        "id": 160574220,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1552400566
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(and we should work out how to make that less annoying to achieve =)</p>",
        "id": 160574230,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1552400581
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I usually give core, compiler, lang, infra all admin privileges, I think)</p>",
        "id": 160574249,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1552400593
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>thanks, that totally assuages my concern</p>",
        "id": 160574252,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1552400597
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(but it's kind of ad-hoc)</p>",
        "id": 160574261,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1552400609
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I used to give more groups, e.g. release, but then some people complained for some reason (I forget, maybe <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"121055\">@Pietro Albini</span>? Just felt like release didn't need it? Not important.)</p>",
        "id": 160574270,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1552400618
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>What things do you think are missing from the list of steps that are in the policy currently <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"124287\">@mw</span>? Outside of a lack of concrete steps, outside of \"ask the infra team\", for the infra stuff.</p>",
        "id": 160574353,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1552400667
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>I think the setup part could also be part of the rustc-guide</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I'm inclined for rustc-guide, although the division between compiler-team repo and rustc-guide is not entirely clear</p>",
        "id": 160574382,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1552400689
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116107\">@davidtwco</span>, mostly where to concretely ask of \"officially\" adding a crate/repo</p>",
        "id": 160574426,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1552400715
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess I feel like we should keep compiler-team repo centered on \"policy + tracking\" and less on \"coding\"</p>",
        "id": 160574439,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1552400730
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>there was talk about having a list of all out-of-tree crates</p>",
        "id": 160574450,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1552400742
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116107\">davidtwco</span>, mostly where to concretely ask of \"officially\" adding a crate/repo</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>It says:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Create a PR modifying this document to include the <del>PR</del>crate in the list below. Use <a href=\"https://github.com/anp/rfcbot-rs#usage\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/anp/rfcbot-rs#usage\"><code>@rfcbot merge</code></a> to  gain agreement from compiler team members.</p>\n</blockquote>",
        "id": 160574467,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1552400761
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if one could make a PR to that list, that would sufficient, I think</p>",
        "id": 160574491,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1552400763
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116107\">@davidtwco</span> ah, I see</p>",
        "id": 160574538,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1552400802
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>then we need the document to get merged :)</p>",
        "id": 160574556,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1552400816
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>n.b. only compiler team members would be able to use rfcbot</p>",
        "id": 160574572,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1552400824
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>not anyone can do it</p>",
        "id": 160574577,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1552400828
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so I think it would be good to reword: \"Ask a compiler team member to <code>@rfcbot merge</code>..\"</p>",
        "id": 160574593,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1552400846
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116107\">@davidtwco</span> but my main need at this point would really be a step by step guide for the setup</p>",
        "id": 160574701,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1552400914
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>there was talk about having a list of all out-of-tree crates</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>that feels like tracking</p>",
        "id": 160574705,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1552400917
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so I would put it in the compiler-team repo</p>",
        "id": 160574708,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1552400922
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>if one could make a PR to that list, that would sufficient, I think</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>and yes this is how I imagined \"proposing\" a new crate</p>",
        "id": 160574729,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1552400938
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>er, I'm behind, sorry</p>",
        "id": 160574748,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1552400951
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>seems like I'm just agreeing with what exists :)</p>",
        "id": 160574753,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1552400955
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>so I would put it in the compiler-team repo</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>It's already in the document.</p>",
        "id": 160574758,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1552400959
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(although I think maybe the list should be in a separate place)</p>",
        "id": 160574769,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1552400964
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i.e., I think it is something someone might want to see when browsing the compiler-team repo -- like the list of working groups, a list of the crates, maybe with a bit of information about each one</p>",
        "id": 160574793,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1552400988
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116107\">davidtwco</span> but my main need at this point would really be a step by step guide for the setup</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>That makes sense. I think we merge the policy for just now, and I can endeavour to fetch some steps for this from infra - or we use your crate as a test case, and document what we do for that into the policy.</p>",
        "id": 160574804,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1552400995
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but it's a minor thing, we don't have to block on it</p>",
        "id": 160574805,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1552400996
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>(although I think maybe the list should be in a separate place)</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I can quickly move it in the PR just now if you have a preference as to where it goes.</p>",
        "id": 160574890,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1552401031
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116107\">@davidtwco</span> we can certainly use the self-profiling crate as a testing ground</p>",
        "id": 160574897,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1552401038
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>(I usually give core, compiler, lang, infra all admin privileges, I think)</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>heh, maybe I'm too worried about possible issues, but do all those teams need the admin privileges?</p>",
        "id": 160574911,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1552401047
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"121055\">@Pietro Albini</span> probably not, I just don't want to wind up blocked because some person is on AFK right now</p>",
        "id": 160574959,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1552401083
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and we need to do something to ship a new release of the compiler or what have you :)</p>",
        "id": 160574970,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1552401091
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116107\">davidtwco</span> we can certainly use the self-profiling crate as a testing ground</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I figure that would unblock you to get started, and by documenting it for your crate as we go then we solve the issue of \"there isn't a concrete list\" at the same time.</p>",
        "id": 160574973,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1552401093
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"1123\">@WG-self-profile</span> will keep track of open questions/steps taken here: <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/s/rJelQBSwE\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://hackmd.io/s/rJelQBSwE\">https://hackmd.io/s/rJelQBSwE#</a></p>",
        "id": 160575261,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1552401276
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So, the only thing blocking the crate policy as it is now from being merged is where we want that crate list.</p>",
        "id": 160575293,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1552401304
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(<span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"125250\">@Wesley Wiser</span>, can you edit this document?)</p>",
        "id": 160575308,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1552401313
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"124287\">@mw</span> Yeah, I seem to be able to edit it</p>",
        "id": 160575409,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1552401363
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>alright, I try to create the project right now and take notes while doing so...</p>",
        "id": 160575492,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1552401428
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>since we did already get buy-in for creating the crate with the given name during the last triage meeting</p>",
        "id": 160575607,
        "sender_full_name": "mw",
        "timestamp": 1552401488
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm inclined to merge this PR, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116107\">@davidtwco</span> and reason I should not do so?</p>",
        "id": 160707071,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1552498652
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>If you'd rather I move the crate list somewhere else, otherwise it's good for now.</p>",
        "id": 160707094,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1552498666
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>can always do that later</p>",
        "id": 160707175,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1552498696
    }
]