[
    {
        "content": "<p>I have a vague proposal I've been contemplating. I wanted to shop it around here for a bit of feedback. I've discussed this <em>some</em> with <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"124287\">@mw</span> and <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span>, so all credit for good ideas goes to then, all blame for bad ones to me. =) </p>\n<p>Gist: <a href=\"https://gist.github.com/nikomatsakis/3afbec52758741727e4535d973bb0667\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://gist.github.com/nikomatsakis/3afbec52758741727e4535d973bb0667\">https://gist.github.com/nikomatsakis/3afbec52758741727e4535d973bb0667</a></p>\n<p>Summary: </p>\n<ul>\n<li>Hold <strong>regular design meetings</strong> where people can bring proposed<br>\n  designs or proposed areas and get feedback.</li>\n<li>Meetings are open to all. Key compiler team members are strongly<br>\n  encouraged to attend.</li>\n<li>Each meeting will decide the topic of the next meeting. To be selected,<br>\n  a written proposal must be available for review.</li>\n<li>These meetings can be on Zulip or on (recorded) video-conferencing,<br>\n  with Zulip being the preferred format.</li>\n<li>Major architectural changes to rustc are expected to be discussed in<br>\n  this meeting before landing.</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 162932744,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1554831926
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I like the idea. I think it would make sense (so much as is possible) for the topic of any given design meeting to be known in advance so that interested parties can make efforts to attend (as opposed to it being decided then-and-there what the topic is). I think you've more or less said as much in the proposal.</p>",
        "id": 162934642,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1554833071
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>I think it would make sense (so much as is possible) for the topic of any given design meeting to be known in advance so that interested parties can make efforts to attend (as opposed to it being decided then-and-there what the topic is).</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Yes I feel quite strongly about this. I have tried to bake this into the setup.</p>",
        "id": 162944895,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1554840095
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"124287\">@mw</span> and I were talking about the design meeting ideas. We were thinking specifically that while it makes sense to have the design/steering meetings share a slot, we should be careful not to lose the role that the steering meeting has been playing -- in particular, it's been great for us to have a place to talk about non-technical things, and I'm wary they'll get overlooked if we're not careful.</p>\n<p>We were thinking about moving from the 6-week cycle to a 4-week one, like this:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Week 1 -- Scheduling meeting</li>\n<li>Week 2 -- Design meeting 1</li>\n<li>Week 3 -- Design meeting 2</li>\n<li>Week 4 -- Steering meeting</li>\n</ul>\n<p>The idea being that we'll have a scheduling meeting where we either pick <em>one</em> topic to focus on (if it is lengthy and likely to require 2 meetings) or we pick two distinct topics. Then we'll have a steering meeting (we can also schedule its topic at the scheduling meeting).</p>",
        "id": 163512242,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1555453216
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm thinking about trying to write-up an RFC on this topic as well, to capture the sense we had in our last meeting.</p>",
        "id": 163512255,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1555453231
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>cc <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"1095\">@WG-meta</span> <span aria-label=\"point up\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f446\" role=\"img\" title=\"point up\">:point_up:</span></p>",
        "id": 163512268,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1555453238
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think that makes sense.</p>",
        "id": 163512312,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1555453271
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>One thing we were thinking is that if the scheduling meeting winds up being shorter, that's ok too -- I could imagine that many weeks it won't be so hard to pick the topics.</p>",
        "id": 163512315,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1555453274
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Which reminsd me I have to check on the comments from the existing contributor RFC</p>",
        "id": 163512340,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1555453295
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> <span aria-label=\"+1\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44d\" role=\"img\" title=\"+1\">:+1:</span>, I think that's the best approach</p>",
        "id": 163516037,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1555456695
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So I wrote up an initial procedure for the design meeting: </p>\n<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/pull/75\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/pull/75\">https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/pull/75</a></p>\n<p>I'd like some feedback. In particular, I proposed that people upload proposals as PRs to the compiler-team repository. <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"119009\">@eddyb</span> maybe take a look? I know you have a bunch of ideas =)</p>",
        "id": 164290139,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1556306327
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>cc <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"1095\">@WG-meta</span> and <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"124287\">@mw</span></p>",
        "id": 164290158,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1556306343
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm not sure when we should start this process -- we could start next week, or the week after next.</p>",
        "id": 164292562,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1556308274
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> looks good in my opinion</p>",
        "id": 164293564,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1556309021
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>unsure about proposals as PRs but don't have a strong opinion :)</p>",
        "id": 164293884,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1556309278
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess I didn't make it clear</p>",
        "id": 164294090,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1556309442
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I would expect to <em>land</em> the proposal</p>",
        "id": 164294094,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1556309445
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i.e., it's not that they would be lots of pending, open PRs</p>",
        "id": 164294102,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1556309451
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(like RFCs)</p>",
        "id": 164294108,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1556309454
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>though that also wouldn't be the end of the world, I suppose</p>",
        "id": 164294132,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1556309472
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I'd sort of like to keep it so that the total number of PRs open at any time is small</p>",
        "id": 164294143,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1556309488
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we can alwys change it</p>",
        "id": 164294147,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1556309494
    }
]