[
    {
        "content": "<p>Hey <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"1095\">@T-compiler/WG-meta</span></p>",
        "id": 193487465,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586455505
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>How're things ;)</p>",
        "id": 193487475,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586455510
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span aria-label=\"wave\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44b\" role=\"img\" title=\"wave\">:wave:</span></p>",
        "id": 193487487,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1586455515
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So I opened the <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/pull/2904\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/pull/2904\">major changes proposal</a> RFC</p>",
        "id": 193487710,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586455618
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span aria-label=\"+1\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44d\" role=\"img\" title=\"+1\">:+1:</span></p>",
        "id": 193487801,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586455652
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>One thing I was wondering about, as an aside</p>",
        "id": 193487811,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586455658
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Was how much we could automate the tooling there</p>",
        "id": 193487817,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586455663
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>e.g., maybe \"every time you create a MCP issue, we automatically make the zulip topic\"</p>",
        "id": 193487844,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586455679
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I still need to go over the areas idea</p>",
        "id": 193487892,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586455684
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and maybe we teach rustbot or rfcbot things like \"rfcbot second\"</p>",
        "id": 193487914,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586455696
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>which would add appropriate labels</p>",
        "id": 193487931,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586455704
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think those are the two major things</p>",
        "id": 193487944,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586455708
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We also realized in the <a class=\"stream-topic\" data-stream-id=\"223182\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.202020-04-09\">#wg-governance &gt; Meeting 2020-04-09</a> meeting today that this process is ultimately very similar to the <a href=\"http://smallcultfollowing.com/babysteps/blog/2019/12/03/aic-improving-the-pre-rfc-process/\" title=\"http://smallcultfollowing.com/babysteps/blog/2019/12/03/aic-improving-the-pre-rfc-process/\">changes I wanted to make for the lang team</a></p>",
        "id": 193488027,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586455761
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>which seems kind of good</p>",
        "id": 193488036,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586455765
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe an opportunity to consolidate</p>",
        "id": 193488043,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586455770
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116266\">@Santiago Pastorino</span>, what's on your mind?</p>",
        "id": 193488061,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586455784
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>how about having a timeframe, so that if a MCP has no discussion for a certain amount of time it can be closed?</p>",
        "id": 193488070,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1586455788
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if it's the areas, maybe we can talk a bit about that now?</p>",
        "id": 193488073,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586455789
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"120823\">DPC</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E09/near/193488070\" title=\"#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E09/near/193488070\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>how about having a timeframe, so that if a MCP has no discussion for a certain amount of time it can be closed?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I forget if I added that, but I think that's a good idea</p>",
        "id": 193488094,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586455801
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>do you have a time frame in mind? maybe a month or something?</p>",
        "id": 193488239,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586455850
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E09/near/193487914\" title=\"#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E09/near/193487914\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>and maybe we teach rustbot or rfcbot things like \"rfcbot second\"</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>rfcbot second?</p>",
        "id": 193488319,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586455881
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I was thinking more like 3 months</p>",
        "id": 193488334,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1586455888
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i.e., if we have the idea that an MCP requires a \"second\" -- someone who agrees it's a good idea</p>",
        "id": 193488350,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586455898
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>this woud be a way to register that you think so</p>",
        "id": 193488363,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586455905
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ahh ok ok</p>",
        "id": 193488376,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586455910
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and it would add some label that can then result in it being added to compilelr team agenda</p>",
        "id": 193488386,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586455915
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"120823\">DPC</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E09/near/193488334\" title=\"#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E09/near/193488334\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I was thinking more like 3 months</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>sure</p>",
        "id": 193488392,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586455919
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>seems fine</p>",
        "id": 193488438,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586455925
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E09/near/193488061\" title=\"#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E09/near/193488061\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>anyway, <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span>, what's on your mind?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>what's in my mind about other things? or what did you mean?</p>",
        "id": 193488450,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586455928
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I just mean that you seem like you've been having a lot of good suggestions for things to follow up on last few meetings</p>",
        "id": 193488491,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586455947
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>sorry that I was unprepared for this meeting, today and tomorrow are \"at home\" holidays yay :P</p>",
        "id": 193488509,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586455956
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>wasn't really with the computer just jumped for the meeting :)</p>",
        "id": 193488533,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586455968
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>np</p>",
        "id": 193488568,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586455984
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I was going to skim the compiler-team repo</p>",
        "id": 193488572,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586455987
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E09/near/193488491\" title=\"#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E09/near/193488491\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I just mean that you seem like you've been having a lot of good suggestions for things to follow up on last few meetings</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>yes, to the main two ideas are: the areas/wg/experts map work we've talked about last week and also the rustbot prioritize idea from the prioritization wg</p>",
        "id": 193488624,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586456014
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><code>rustbot prioritize</code> should be \"easy\" <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"255061\">@LeSeulArtichaut</span> was going to give it a shoot</p>",
        "id": 193488665,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586456036
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and I'm going to open something about the areas idea</p>",
        "id": 193488737,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586456053
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I saw that during today's triage meeting you (<span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span>) have mentioned a person about windows issues</p>",
        "id": 193488807,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586456086
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess this person needs to be included in some way in this areas work</p>",
        "id": 193488838,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586456103
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I meant, we want to have that information there</p>",
        "id": 193488853,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586456110
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so we can do @rustbot ping windows-area</p>",
        "id": 193488896,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586456134
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><code>A-windows</code> or whatever we end calling this</p>",
        "id": 193488914,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586456144
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"120823\">@DPC</span> how does this sound?</p>",
        "id": 193488986,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586456167
    },
    {
        "content": "<h2>When should Major Change Proposals be closed?</h2>\n<p>Major Change Proposals can be closed:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>by the author, if they have lost interest in pursuing it.</li>\n<li>\n<p>by a team lead or expert, if there are strong objections from key<br>\n  members of the team that don't look likely to be overcome.</p>\n</li>\n<li>\n<p>by folks doing triage, if there have been three months of<br>\n  inactivity; in this case, team members should feel free to re-open<br>\n  the issue if they'd like to \"rejuvenate\" it.</p>\n</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 193488988,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586456168
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>looks good</p>",
        "id": 193489021,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1586456189
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess it would be nice to define also this groups in team repo and sync this between github and zulip, pretty sure that <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"121055\">@Pietro Albini</span> has thought about this too</p>",
        "id": 193489028,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586456191
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I meant, syncing github and zulip groups in some way</p>",
        "id": 193489042,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586456202
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>just a clarificaation: by inactivity, do we mean by the author or anyone ?</p>",
        "id": 193489048,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1586456206
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>as in what if the author is inactive but other people are discussing on the MCP</p>",
        "id": 193489071,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1586456221
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I meant \"by anyone\", pretty much</p>",
        "id": 193489151,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586456252
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I feel like if the author is gone but other people are interested,</p>",
        "id": 193489164,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586456259
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe we find another person to do the work?</p>",
        "id": 193489169,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586456263
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm reading what you wrote now <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116266\">@Santiago Pastorino</span>, sorry</p>",
        "id": 193489189,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586456277
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E09/near/193488807\" title=\"#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E09/near/193488807\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I saw that during today's triage meeting you (<span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span>) have mentioned a person about windows issues</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>yes!</p>",
        "id": 193489248,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586456288
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E09/near/193489189\" title=\"#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E09/near/193489189\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I'm reading what you wrote now <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span>, sorry</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>no worries</p>",
        "id": 193489260,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586456295
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>also, on a related note,</p>",
        "id": 193489272,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586456299
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>meanwhile went to boil water for my coffee <span aria-label=\"slight smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f642\" role=\"img\" title=\"slight smile\">:slight_smile:</span></p>",
        "id": 193489299,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586456310
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I have to re-read the RFC about tiers by <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"239881\">@Josh Triplett</span>, but I would really like to say that we have designated folks for every target -- <em>especially</em> tier 2 / tier 3 targets that we don't fully support</p>",
        "id": 193489342,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586456330
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so those are obvious \"areas\"</p>",
        "id": 193489362,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586456341
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if coffee is good for covid-19 me and my family are saved :)</p>",
        "id": 193489382,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586456350
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or maybe they're worth treating separately</p>",
        "id": 193489390,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586456354
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but in any case I think it's a very common thing</p>",
        "id": 193489412,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586456368
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>\"uh, somebody proposed modifying this obscure target... who should r? this?\"</p>",
        "id": 193489441,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586456379
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so my idea would be to provide a PR lacking a lot of areas, I meant, we need to start with something because I'm pretty sure that as hard as I think about them I won't be able to come up with every single area</p>",
        "id": 193489566,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586456412
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Does anybody think it's a problem if I just <code>rfcbot fcp merge</code> the MCP RFC? :) I feel like the idea has been kicking around long enough...</p>",
        "id": 193489569,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586456415
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so we can collectively build this after I open something</p>",
        "id": 193489592,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586456424
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes</p>",
        "id": 193489602,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586456426
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so my objective is to start and open something that have some content to fill it up</p>",
        "id": 193489627,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586456437
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>what/where would this PR be?</p>",
        "id": 193489641,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586456440
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>may do right after this meeting</p>",
        "id": 193489658,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586456450
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess I'd just start with an issue and a link to a HackMD document so this can be more easily be filled</p>",
        "id": 193489702,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586456469
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>then once we fill that up we can provide a PR</p>",
        "id": 193489717,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586456480
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that makes sense</p>",
        "id": 193490038,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586456627
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm going to look after the issues</p>",
        "id": 193490057,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586456641
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess there's a bit of \"cleanup\" work to be done</p>",
        "id": 193490167,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586456678
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>e.g. we should land some notes to close up <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/247\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/247\">https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/247</a></p>",
        "id": 193490177,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586456683
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh, we did</p>",
        "id": 193490247,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586456714
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ahh yes, <del>maybe</del> I forgot to close this up :)</p>",
        "id": 193490285,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586456735
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think some of these older meetings</p>",
        "id": 193490673,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586456892
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we should just close with a link to the zulip stream and be done with it</p>",
        "id": 193490683,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586456898
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh well</p>",
        "id": 193490690,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586456900
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>e.g., <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/237\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/237\">https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/237</a></p>",
        "id": 193490703,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586456906
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I updated the <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/242\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/242\">major change proposal issue</a> with some notes on follow-up actions</p>",
        "id": 193491109,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586457099
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok, well, enough for today...</p>",
        "id": 193491145,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586457115
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>thanks all</p>",
        "id": 193491147,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586457117
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span aria-label=\"wave\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44b\" role=\"img\" title=\"wave\">:wave:</span></p>",
        "id": 193491478,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1586457248
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E09/near/193490683\" title=\"#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E09/near/193490683\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>we should just close with a link to the zulip stream and be done with it</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I was thinking that this is kind of a bit more general problem we're having</p>",
        "id": 193491635,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586457341
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>may be a good idea to have someone taking notes since the beginning</p>",
        "id": 193491717,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586457364
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and maybe that's the most interested person in have the meeting?</p>",
        "id": 193491733,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586457375
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well I'm not sure how many meetings ends without notes maybe this is not a problem?</p>",
        "id": 193491778,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586457404
    }
]