[
    {
        "content": "<p>Hi <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"1411\">@T-lang/WG-meta</span>, quick meeting?</p>",
        "id": 166931369,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1559239429
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>My biggest news is merging the <a href=\"https://internals.rust-lang.org/t/announcing-the-compiler-contributors-subteam/10300\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://internals.rust-lang.org/t/announcing-the-compiler-contributors-subteam/10300\">compiler team contributors</a> discussion</p>",
        "id": 166931678,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1559239590
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>guess not so many folks around this week :)</p>",
        "id": 166932365,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1559240040
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Oh, whoops, I pinged the wrong alias :)</p>",
        "id": 166932415,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1559240046
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"1095\">@T-compiler/WG-meta</span></p>",
        "id": 166932417,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1559240050
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>dang it</p>",
        "id": 166932420,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1559240052
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span aria-label=\"wave\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44b\" role=\"img\" title=\"wave\">:wave:</span></p>",
        "id": 166932433,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1559240065
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I realized something -- does anyone know if we produced any minutes or notes from the meeting about parallel stuff?</p>",
        "id": 166932511,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1559240134
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm not sure.</p>",
        "id": 166932531,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1559240147
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I was thinking that it would be pretty plausible to have the role of a meta working group over time just be making sure we do this sort of thing</p>",
        "id": 166932539,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1559240157
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>kind of an \"organizational group\"</p>",
        "id": 166932597,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1559240172
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>I realized something -- does anyone know if we produced any minutes or notes from the meeting about parallel stuff?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I don't think so.</p>",
        "id": 166932604,
        "sender_full_name": "lwshang",
        "timestamp": 1559240175
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah, probably not</p>",
        "id": 166932615,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1559240181
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I can help on it.</p>",
        "id": 166932628,
        "sender_full_name": "lwshang",
        "timestamp": 1559240197
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The <a class=\"stream\" data-stream-id=\"187679\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/187679-t-compiler.2Fwg-parallel-rustc\">#t-compiler/wg-parallel-rustc</a> stream has been silent for a while.</p>",
        "id": 166932677,
        "sender_full_name": "lwshang",
        "timestamp": 1559240234
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Waited for Niko coming back to lead it. <span aria-label=\"big smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f604\" role=\"img\" title=\"big smile\">:big_smile:</span></p>",
        "id": 166932721,
        "sender_full_name": "lwshang",
        "timestamp": 1559240271
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span aria-label=\"hi\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44b\" role=\"img\" title=\"hi\">:hi:</span></p>",
        "id": 166932773,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1559240283
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"220056\">@lwshang</span> yeah it's on my list to catch up there...</p>",
        "id": 166932806,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1559240309
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>I was thinking that it would be pretty plausible to have the role of a meta working group over time just be making sure we do this sort of thing</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I'm curious what people think of this. I've generally had the feeling like we shouldn't have a dedicated group for this sort of thing, but try to share the load more evenly -- otoh, trying to have a dedicated group of people trying to ensure things are documented and communicated may be a more effective way of actually getting it done. I guess it feels related to documentation etc to me but is potentially distinct -- I could imagine such a group also helping to e.g. run triage meetings and things</p>",
        "id": 166932940,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1559240426
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Anyway I guess let's do a quick glance over PRs/issues on the compiler-team repo</p>",
        "id": 166932967,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1559240463
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't mind the idea.</p>",
        "id": 166932995,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1559240493
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Add notes for the triage meeting on 2019-05-23 <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/96\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/96\">compiler-team#96</a>  - I think I'll just merg this</p>",
        "id": 166932998,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1559240495
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>Add a repository for cargo-lockfile-sync <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/89\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/89\">compiler-team#89</a></p>\n</blockquote>",
        "id": 166933069,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1559240542
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>looks like we can merge that</p>",
        "id": 166933077,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1559240552
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>cc <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"124288\">@oli</span> -- FCP ended on the above</p>",
        "id": 166933083,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1559240559
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>[WIP] Create static web page for the compiler team with zola <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/83\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/83\">compiler-team#83</a></p>\n</blockquote>",
        "id": 166933117,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1559240599
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>last update from <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"217515\">@Federico Carrone</span> is that this is still WIP, which is fine</p>",
        "id": 166933142,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1559240625
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>[WIP] Add missing directories to experts map <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/95\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/95\">compiler-team#95</a></p>\n</blockquote>",
        "id": 166933156,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1559240640
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>not a lot of contributions there, maybe I'll mark out some time to jump in</p>",
        "id": 166933216,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1559240666
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm going to open an issue to add minutes from the parallel meeting</p>",
        "id": 166933261,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1559240717
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>not a lot of contributions there, maybe I'll mark out some time to jump in</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>yeah :(</p>",
        "id": 166933278,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1559240741
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I've tried to encourage people by opening a thread in t-compiler/help twice but not a lot of engagement unfortunately :(</p>",
        "id": 166933350,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1559240775
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>I don't mind the idea.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Yeah, I kind of like it. It'd be interesting to try and clarify what the scope should be.</p>",
        "id": 166933369,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1559240800
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Filed <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/98\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/98\">https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/98</a> -- <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"220056\">@lwshang</span> did you want to create a minutes file for that meeting? If so, maybe leave a comment in the issue. I don't think it needs to be super detailed. Linking to the zulip topic and taking a note of the major conclusions probably suffices.</p>",
        "id": 166933521,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1559240936
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I gotta run to another meeting but thanks for your time y'all :)</p>",
        "id": 166933545,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1559240946
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm very glad to take the job. Since I haven't done this before, may I have some thing as a reference?</p>",
        "id": 166933732,
        "sender_full_name": "lwshang",
        "timestamp": 1559241073
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm looking through the \"minutes\" in the repo, there are some for <code>steering-meeting</code> and <code>triage-meeting</code>. For the minutes I'm going to draft,  should I create a separate folder for it? Since the topic was <code>parallel-rustc</code> but it happened on the main stream <code>t-compiler</code>, what name should I have for the folder?</p>",
        "id": 166935858,
        "sender_full_name": "lwshang",
        "timestamp": 1559242595
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It should go in the <code>working-groups/parallel-rustc/notes.md</code> file (or thereabouts).</p>",
        "id": 166939492,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1559245226
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I was debating about this =)</p>",
        "id": 166941396,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1559246696
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>either is fine I suppose</p>",
        "id": 166941410,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1559246703
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we should perhaps keep some kind of log of design meetings and where their minutes wound up though</p>",
        "id": 166941427,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1559246720
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span>  I just sent a PR. Would you like to review and give me some feed back? It's shorter than I expected.</p>",
        "id": 166942113,
        "sender_full_name": "lwshang",
        "timestamp": 1559247252
    }
]