[
    {
        "content": "<p>so we have the meeting later today</p>",
        "id": 159087232,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550770161
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>let me review what <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116107\">@davidtwco</span> added, first</p>",
        "id": 159087237,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550770165
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>OK I was looking things over and wondering about how to manage the prioritization bit</p>",
        "id": 159091267,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550773493
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe making a spreadsheet or something would let people kind of leav notes</p>",
        "id": 159091282,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550773504
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>OK, so I created a <a href=\"https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ba2G_DUHWGwQBnY1Za-6mJAkIuZST_dakKYN60q9dmM/edit#gid=0\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ba2G_DUHWGwQBnY1Za-6mJAkIuZST_dakKYN60q9dmM/edit#gid=0\">google spreadsheet</a></p>",
        "id": 159092072,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550774092
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I tried to create an entry for the major areas and to kind of break them down a bit:</p>",
        "id": 159092081,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550774100
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>Actionable: Do I see concrete actions we can take under this umbrella (I may try to add comments with some examples). In some cases, some amount of pre-discussion is needed.</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 159092138,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550774146
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>Team Discussion: Do I think that this needs some discussion with the full team to try and reach consensus? In some cases, I wrote \"Yes\" because it seemed like that this was the <em>primary</em> thing we needed to do -- but happy to be wrong. In others, I wrote \"Some\" because I thought it would probably be useful to first draw up a preliminary sort of proposal and then bring it to broader team for comment. (This is sort of roughly true in all cases, but these are areas I anticipate more iteration)</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 159092308,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550774243
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>New WG: Is this basically just a proposal for a new WG? (If so, seems kind of out of scope)</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 159092329,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550774258
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Right now, that spreadsheet should be world editable.( I might try to tighten the later.)</p>",
        "id": 159092407,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550774290
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Please feel free to add things that aren't covered</p>",
        "id": 159092410,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550774295
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>See y'all at 14:00!</p>",
        "id": 159092413,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550774301
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Looks good to me.</p>",
        "id": 159093235,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1550774956
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Here's a link to the <a href=\"https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Compiler-Meta-WG--AYBoR1MKFZkULJlQW1OIe1XhAg-vnEJ2iD7MCc515MW2oR22\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Compiler-Meta-WG--AYBoR1MKFZkULJlQW1OIe1XhAg-vnEJ2iD7MCc515MW2oR22\">agenda</a> so there's one in this topic.</p>",
        "id": 159093559,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1550775184
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ping <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116107\">@davidtwco</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"126931\">@centril</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116266\">@Santiago Pastorino</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"202560\">@Cem Karan</span> -- these are just names I culled from recent conversations -- Compiler Team Meta meeting starting soon.</p>",
        "id": 159094311,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550775627
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Clearly, first order of business is creating a Zulip user group</p>",
        "id": 159094331,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550775639
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm here</p>",
        "id": 159094367,
        "sender_full_name": "Cem Karan",
        "timestamp": 1550775667
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>/me will read passively</p>",
        "id": 159094376,
        "sender_full_name": "nagisa",
        "timestamp": 1550775676
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I just created <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"1095\">@WG-compiler-meta</span> -- I added <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116107\">@davidtwco</span> and myself -- if you want on, write me a privmsg and I'll get to it</p>",
        "id": 159094402,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550775700
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I wonder if Zulip can make those \"self-maintainable\" somehow</p>",
        "id": 159094405,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550775710
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So, welcome all! =)</p>",
        "id": 159094450,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550775722
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>As <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116107\">@davidtwco</span> already posted, we have a <a href=\"https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Compiler-Meta-WG--AX8YBS96SrgfW02_cqEan75bAg-vnEJ2iD7MCc515MW2oR22\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Compiler-Meta-WG--AX8YBS96SrgfW02_cqEan75bAg-vnEJ2iD7MCc515MW2oR22\">DropBox paper</a> where we collected some initial thoughts, which I also tried to collate a bit into a <a href=\"https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ba2G_DUHWGwQBnY1Za-6mJAkIuZST_dakKYN60q9dmM/edit#gid=0\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ba2G_DUHWGwQBnY1Za-6mJAkIuZST_dakKYN60q9dmM/edit#gid=0\">Google spreadsheet</a>.</p>",
        "id": 159094520,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550775762
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>/me notes that a PR to <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/team/\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/team/\">https://github.com/rust-lang/team/</a> adding this WG is probably in order :)</p>",
        "id": 159094526,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1550775770
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Heh, that's very germane to one of the topics</p>",
        "id": 159094540,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550775783
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Which is the \"how to deal with all the sync overhead\"</p>",
        "id": 159094560,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550775793
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>But yes, thanks :)</p>",
        "id": 159094566,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550775798
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>Clarify the “scope” of the meta working group.<ul>\n<li>What problems does the meta working group aim to solve?</li>\n<li>What problems do we want to avoid creating? (e.g. bureaucracy, administrative overhead)</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>Discuss working group “bootstrap process”<ul>\n<li>What should each working group define?</li>\n<li>What structure should a WG “check-in” have?</li>\n<li>Can we produce a “WG Template” that I can then pass around to folks to fill out?</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>What are the most actionable ideas and can we rank those?</li>\n<li>Which ideas would be better suited for more “discussion meetings”?<ul>\n<li>Steering meetings? Or should we use those for something else</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 159094567,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550775801
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>That was the rough agenda we had in the paper</p>",
        "id": 159094579,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550775808
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I highlighted the \"bootstrap process\" because it seemed like the most urgent thing for us to discuss, since I think that is kind of what we are aiming to do <em>right now</em> -- get the compiler working groups into a functioning steady state</p>",
        "id": 159094599,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550775838
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>But maybe we can start a bit by talking about the \"meta working group\" (maybe not the best name...) and what exactly its role should be.</p>",
        "id": 159094665,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550775865
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(this meta wg is just for t-compiler, right? we have a different for lang?)</p>",
        "id": 159094692,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1550775892
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I had personally imagined it as a place for us to work out the details of what being a working group means, hence the name meta, but I've been wondering if it makes sense to generalize mildly to \"governance\" -- i.e., to generally take a look at how the compiler team runs itself and try to document and (where necessary) create procedure (but always taking that to the full team for consensus and discussion)</p>",
        "id": 159094744,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550775934
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"126931\">@centril</span> yes I think this is specific to the compiler team, though I sort of want to make a similar effort for lang team, which I would expect to overlap in many ways</p>",
        "id": 159094760,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550775955
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but obviously there are separate concerns in each case</p>",
        "id": 159094766,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550775961
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I personally think that the bootstraping process is what this group should concentrate on.</p>",
        "id": 159094848,
        "sender_full_name": "Cem Karan",
        "timestamp": 1550776014
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It seems like it's the highest priority regardless</p>",
        "id": 159094867,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550776028
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So, what do working groups always need?</p>",
        "id": 159094879,
        "sender_full_name": "Cem Karan",
        "timestamp": 1550776045
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Once that seems to be \"working\" we can certainly decide what to do next</p>",
        "id": 159094880,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550776046
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Right now we have a kind of tentative list of working groups we came up with at the all hands</p>",
        "id": 159094899,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550776071
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that i've been meaning to write a blog post about ;)</p>",
        "id": 159094902,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550776075
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>And can we automate the creation of that (e.g., github, zulip, zoom?, etc.)</p>",
        "id": 159094903,
        "sender_full_name": "Cem Karan",
        "timestamp": 1550776077
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but which are documented in a dropbox paper ... somewhere</p>",
        "id": 159094910,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550776081
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I've been working on the assumption that the latter was the purpose of the group - to handle the administrative side of the compiler team where that exists. Of course, number one on that list is the former - working out the details of a working group.</p>",
        "id": 159094957,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1550776087
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Topic-Organizational-Planning-f2C6R3Qic5WSDfEORTW9I\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Topic-Organizational-Planning-f2C6R3Qic5WSDfEORTW9I\">Dropbox paper from the Organizational meeting at all hands</a></p>",
        "id": 159094980,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550776115
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Actually, just keeping track of what working groups are active should be something that can be automated...</p>",
        "id": 159094985,
        "sender_full_name": "Cem Karan",
        "timestamp": 1550776120
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I feel like we shouldn't get too worked up on automation <em>yet</em></p>",
        "id": 159095000,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550776137
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>though eventually it would definitely be nice</p>",
        "id": 159095004,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550776141
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but to start having a list of the things is good</p>",
        "id": 159095010,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550776145
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(Once we know what we want, we can also automate)</p>",
        "id": 159095034,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550776165
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/\">https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/</a></p>",
        "id": 159095036,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550776167
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So I've created this repository, and it seems like an initial thing we can work on is the \"template\" for a working group in there</p>",
        "id": 159095047,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550776184
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Well, maybe we should start by just kind of brainstorming about what the .. questions are to be answered?</p>",
        "id": 159095122,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550776220
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We had this in the dropbox paper:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Working groups<ul>\n<li>What guidelines should exist for working groups?<ul>\n<li>e.g. effective meetings, note taking, check-ins at steering meetings, etc.</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>Directory structure in <code>rust-lang/compiler-team</code> repository<ul>\n<li><code>index.md</code> and some other files already exist</li>\n<li>Do we want more than this?</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>Assessing progress<ul>\n<li>Can we encourage working groups to set goals as part of their regular triage?</li>\n<li>Goal: Leave check-in meeting feeling energized with clear ideas of next steps.</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 159095143,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550776246
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I had the following questions trying to come from the perspective of a prospective contributor looking to find out more:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>What working groups are available? What is working group X doing? Where can I find a working group? Who is in a working group? Are there meetings? Do I need to attend? Do I need any prior experience? Are there resources that would help me get up to speed? Are there labels on the issues for this working group? Who is leading the working group? What working groups might start in future? How can I register my interest in them?</p>\n</blockquote>",
        "id": 159095186,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1550776293
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think another good question would be one of membership -- do we want to maintain lists of members? On what basis? etc. It may be something a WG can answer for itself, but it seems like we should have a default. Personally, I would like that to be someting that people can sign <em>themselves</em> up for</p>",
        "id": 159095197,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550776303
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yes, ok, that's a helpful way to look at it. Another thing I\"ve been thinking about, which gets at <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"202560\">@Cem Karan</span>'s question about automatiion, too:</p>\n<p>What do WG members need to \"do their job\"?</p>\n<p>For example, I think it is useful if we can assign issues to you, so you have to  a member of the github org. I think you would want to be part of the Zulip User Group. Maybe some other things</p>",
        "id": 159095273,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550776354
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Membership will likely depend on the purpose of the particular WG; I'm not sure if a one-size-fits-all policy would work there.</p>",
        "id": 159095294,
        "sender_full_name": "Cem Karan",
        "timestamp": 1550776381
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm creating a section <a href=\"https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Compiler-Meta-WG--AX8YBS96SrgfW02_cqEan75bAg-vnEJ2iD7MCc515MW2oR22\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Compiler-Meta-WG--AX8YBS96SrgfW02_cqEan75bAg-vnEJ2iD7MCc515MW2oR22\">at the end of the paper</a> to take a few notes and try to cull down into .. a set of deliverables, things to decide?</p>",
        "id": 159095318,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550776402
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>Membership will likely depend on the purpose of the particular WG; I'm not sure if a one-size-fits-all policy would work there.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Maybe. Regardless, I think we should have a default policy.</p>",
        "id": 159095336,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550776421
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>NLL had a stream here, GitHub group, Zulip user group and some GitHub labels but not really much else that I can remember?</p>",
        "id": 159095337,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1550776422
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>But I suspect it will work better than you think</p>",
        "id": 159095345,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550776426
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>If membership should be <em>limited</em>, I think it will limit itself naturally</p>",
        "id": 159095353,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550776436
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Regardless, I don't care to make rules, just helpful defaults</p>",
        "id": 159095399,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550776443
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>NLL had a stream here, GitHub group, Zulip user group and some GitHub labels but not really much else that I can remember?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Seems right.</p>",
        "id": 159095418,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550776457
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Got it, helpful defaults are good!</p>",
        "id": 159095424,
        "sender_full_name": "Cem Karan",
        "timestamp": 1550776462
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Issue labels are important</p>",
        "id": 159095426,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550776463
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>Regardless, I don't care to make rules, just helpful defaults</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>That framing is good, useful also for T-Lang!</p>",
        "id": 159095441,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1550776479
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So, on the topic of GitHub Labels</p>",
        "id": 159095510,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550776527
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>NLL had <code>WG-nll-foo</code> stuff</p>",
        "id": 159095518,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550776534
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't know there is much meaning to being a member of a working group. Being in the GitHub group was only to be able to get assigned to issues and, like the Zulip group, get pinged about new issues and the like.</p>",
        "id": 159095522,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1550776535
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we also had <code>A-nll</code></p>",
        "id": 159095527,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550776537
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it was confusing</p>",
        "id": 159095530,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550776539
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>I don't know there is much meaning to membership of a working group. </p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>yeah so this is why I don't want to harp on it too much. I've found it is often very \"fluid\" -- people are involved for a bit, then have other things to do. Some folks stick around a lot, and that's fine.</p>",
        "id": 159095596,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550776568
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Should we generally do <code>A-wg-foo</code> or something? What is the role of this label :)</p>",
        "id": 159095620,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550776600
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess it will depend a bit on the WG</p>",
        "id": 159095632,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550776609
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe just saying \"WG can define labels\" is fine for now</p>",
        "id": 159095636,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550776615
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but it'd be useful for WGs to document the labels they are using</p>",
        "id": 159095639,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550776623
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> feels like there's a distinction in purpose... A- labels are for areas, e.g. the release team will assign these as a matter of triage... whereas e.g. <code>T-compiler</code> and <code>I-nominated</code> say that X are working on things and X is important to the group</p>",
        "id": 159095713,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1550776685
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>A-nll is sorta like A-inference or A-closure</p>",
        "id": 159095750,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1550776698
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>I had the following questions trying to come from the perspective of a prospective contributor looking to find out more:</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Coming back to these questions, some of them seem to be things a <em>working group</em> can do, but others are basically part of our own infrastructure and how well we advertise it, right?</p>",
        "id": 159095759,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550776717
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>A-nll is sorta like A-inference or A-closure</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Yeah, so A-foo is for \"part of the code\", and sometimes that aligns with the WG, but sometimes not</p>",
        "id": 159095790,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550776745
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Is that what you mean?</p>",
        "id": 159095799,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550776750
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>A working group could probably just specify labels that represent the areas they focus on - eg. <code>A-traits</code>, <code>A-NLL</code>, <code>A-const-eval</code> - and they can create other labels around that to help them categorize or prioritize. As long as they are listed, I don't think we should be too prescriptive but just provide some guidelines.</p>",
        "id": 159095802,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1550776752
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So take a look at e.g. the <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/blob/master/working-groups/traits/README.md\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/blob/master/working-groups/traits/README.md\">Traits README</a></p>",
        "id": 159095911,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550776824
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>How do they create new labels that make it easy to match to known working groups? <code>A-trait-foo</code>?</p>",
        "id": 159095914,
        "sender_full_name": "Cem Karan",
        "timestamp": 1550776826
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116107\">@davidtwco</span> ok, but that needs to be communicated clearly to the release-team then</p>",
        "id": 159095916,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1550776827
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(er, wait, let's finish up w/ labels maybe)</p>",
        "id": 159095930,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550776840
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>things oftentimes have many A- labels too</p>",
        "id": 159095940,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1550776848
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm not sure what needs to be communicated to the release team <em>exactly</em></p>",
        "id": 159095972,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550776871
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Though I do think that some things probably do</p>",
        "id": 159095979,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550776878
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span>  the release team does issue triage and labels things <span aria-label=\"slight smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f642\" role=\"img\" title=\"slight smile\">:slight_smile:</span></p>",
        "id": 159096005,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1550776890
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Especially if there are triage concerns, it would be helpful to have a standard way to bring something to the attention of a WG</p>",
        "id": 159096014,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550776897
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yes, right</p>",
        "id": 159096017,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550776901
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116107\">@davidtwco</span> ok, but that needs to be communicated clearly to the release-team then</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I'm not suggesting that a working group create any new <code>A-</code> labels just that they can list the existing <code>A-</code> labels that best describe the parts of the compiler they are focusing on. Any new labels are things like <code>NLL-*</code> that only have meaning to the working group and are outside of the existing <code>A-</code> labels that have a meaning.</p>",
        "id": 159096025,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1550776911
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Got it</p>",
        "id": 159096086,
        "sender_full_name": "Cem Karan",
        "timestamp": 1550776940
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So e.g. suppose there is some regression that relates to a new traits feature or whatever</p>",
        "id": 159096093,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550776954
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116107\">@davidtwco</span>  oh... I got the impression that each wg would get their own label</p>",
        "id": 159096098,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1550776960
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I imagine that release team would tag this with suitable A-labels (<code>A-traits</code>) as well as <code>T-compiler</code> and the regression labels</p>",
        "id": 159096106,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550776973
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We could certainly \"route\" it to the working group as part of the normal compiler team triage meeting, if they don't notice it themselves earlier</p>",
        "id": 159096129,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550776996
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>You could also imagine some other technique</p>",
        "id": 159096155,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550777023
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span>  something like that yeah; but other labels could easily apply too</p>",
        "id": 159096166,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1550777035
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116107\">@davidtwco</span>  oh... I got the impression that each wg would get their own label</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>You could, but I don't think it would be strictly necessarily - I imagine that most working groups could pick a existing <code>A-</code> label that would just be what they care about.</p>",
        "id": 159096168,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1550777038
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>like A-typesystem</p>",
        "id": 159096169,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1550777039
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>My concern with each WG having a label is that .. well, it seemed annoying for NLL somehow, but maybe it was ok. There was always uncertainty about A-nll vs WG-nll</p>",
        "id": 159096170,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550777040
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we had to have specific searches to kind of catch \"union of things tagged A-nll and WG-nll\"</p>",
        "id": 159096236,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550777066
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Anyway, maybe this is in the weeds.</p>",
        "id": 159096241,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550777072
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think the only new labels a working group would need would be the equivalent of the <code>NLL-*</code> labels that help with their own triage.</p>",
        "id": 159096242,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1550777075
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It feels important but also like something I don't want to spend entire meeting discussing :)</p>",
        "id": 159096257,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550777085
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, I'm sort of inclined to say that WGs should pick and list some A labels that they are monitoring for now. If there are GH teams too, then release can also cc said teams (though this just goes into a GH notification blackhole for me, but that's a separate problem)</p>",
        "id": 159096304,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550777133
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It seemed to work ok for NLL that way tho</p>",
        "id": 159096316,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550777144
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>(though this just goes into a GH notification blackhole for me, but that's a separate problem)</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I think eddyb told me you watch the repo for all the issues and PRs... don't... do that :P</p>",
        "id": 159096390,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1550777178
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't do that</p>",
        "id": 159096403,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550777198
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It seems like unresolved questions surrounding working groups come from one of two places - processes and practices involved in running a working group; and information that is desirable by prospective contributors.</p>",
        "id": 159096410,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1550777206
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I <em>try</em> to at least look at notifications with <code>@nikomatsakis</code> in them, but even that is really hard for me to do.</p>",
        "id": 159096413,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550777214
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah. So one thing I specifically want todo this week</p>",
        "id": 159096442,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550777233
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>is to go to each of the prospective WGs we have planned</p>",
        "id": 159096446,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550777239
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>find and identify leads</p>",
        "id": 159096450,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550777242
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't think I've seen the first category of questions enumerated quite as much as the second category.</p>",
        "id": 159096453,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1550777245
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and have them fill out some template</p>",
        "id": 159096455,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550777247
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so one thing I would sort of find useful is agreeing on what said templaet should be :)</p>",
        "id": 159096476,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550777262
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I sort of imagine that the \"what WGs find useful\" is also something we can kind of work on a <em>bit</em> as we go, i.e., learning from questions and problems that arise -- though we have some experience already)</p>",
        "id": 159096546,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550777288
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess the question is whether there is info that would be useful which is not on e.g. <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/tree/master/working-groups/rls-2.0\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/tree/master/working-groups/rls-2.0\">this README</a></p>",
        "id": 159096595,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550777333
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think the <a href=\"#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E02.2E21/near/159095186\" title=\"#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E02.2E21/near/159095186\">questions I listed previously</a> would form the basis for most of the template's questions?</p>",
        "id": 159096598,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1550777339
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>sorry, something very important come up and I'm just arriving will read the log quickly</p>",
        "id": 159096657,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1550777395
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(added question about labeling to release team's agenda for next wednesday)</p>",
        "id": 159096702,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1550777404
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The list <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116107\">@davidtwco</span> added earlier:</p>\n<p>## Team level</p>\n<ul>\n<li>What working groups are available?</li>\n<li>What working groups might start in future?</li>\n<li>How can I register my interest in them?</li>\n</ul>\n<p>## WG level</p>\n<ul>\n<li>What is working group X doing?</li>\n<li>Where can I find a working group?</li>\n<li>Who is in a working group?</li>\n<li>Are there meetings?</li>\n<li>Do I need to attend?</li>\n<li>Do I need any prior experience?</li>\n<li>Are there resources that would help me get up to speed?</li>\n<li>Are there labels on the issues for this working group?</li>\n<li>Who is leading the working group?</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 159096712,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550777406
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The team level ones are things that seem like they are not part of the template but rather across wgs</p>",
        "id": 159096754,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550777430
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think that README is 90% of the way there. But it would be helpful to have a smaller summary too - i.e. a table with all the active working groups and that information for them.</p>",
        "id": 159096780,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1550777444
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Of the WG Level:</p>\n<p>\"Who is in a working group\" is not answered really, but as we said, maybe we don't even <em>want</em> to answer it. But having at least some <em>leads</em> would be good.</p>",
        "id": 159096822,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550777473
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I feel like it'd be ok to have more than leads, maybe a list like \"Contact @so-and-so\"</p>",
        "id": 159096862,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550777509
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>Of the WG Level:</p>\n<p>\"Who is in a working group\" is not answered really, but as we said, maybe we don't even <em>want</em> to answer it. But having at least some <em>leads</em> would be good.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>At this point, I'm leaning toward the idea that not having any sort of membership would be better. Define the leads of a working group and have a way for people to subscribe to relevant groups and notifications but otherwise there's no formal membership.</p>",
        "id": 159096907,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1550777522
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>which can be updated periodically</p>",
        "id": 159096922,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550777527
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so what I think I <em>do</em> want</p>",
        "id": 159096942,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550777540
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>is some way for people to \"register themselves\"</p>",
        "id": 159096946,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550777547
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>basically subscribing, yes</p>",
        "id": 159096955,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550777560
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm not sure how to achieve that</p>",
        "id": 159096958,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550777563
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it does feel like a place where automation is warranted though</p>",
        "id": 159096969,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550777569
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The only benefits to membership I can see are:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Give the WG lead a list of people to assign work too.</li>\n<li>Recognize regular participants in the WG in some way.</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 159096992,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1550777589
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"126931\">@centril</span> I remember there being talk of adopting e.g. a bot that let people leave comments to assign labels and things, right?</p>",
        "id": 159096994,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550777590
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yep, and also to sort of assign themselves to issues</p>",
        "id": 159097016,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1550777607
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> ye, <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/triagebot\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/triagebot\">https://github.com/rust-lang/triagebot</a></p>",
        "id": 159097019,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1550777610
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(hi!)</p>",
        "id": 159097026,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1550777617
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"126931\">@centril</span> I remember there being talk of adopting e.g. a bot that let people leave comments to assign labels and things, right?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Zulip has a bot that adds people to a \"contributors\" group in their GitHub org and assigns them.</p>",
        "id": 159097029,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1550777619
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116107\">@davidtwco</span> seems right, the second one in particular being the thing I was most interested in</p>",
        "id": 159097033,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550777623
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"121055\">@Pietro Albini</span> / <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"126931\">@centril</span> can that bot add people to the GH org?</p>",
        "id": 159097099,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550777644
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>no, for security reasons we would prefer not to do that</p>",
        "id": 159097118,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1550777661
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>instead assigning the bot itself as a placeholder if the person is not on the org</p>",
        "id": 159097139,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1550777674
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>hmm</p>",
        "id": 159097163,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550777693
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that doesn't seem good enough</p>",
        "id": 159097169,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550777695
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116107\">@davidtwco</span> seems right, the second one in particular being the thing I was most interested in</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>This is somewhat watered down if anyone can just click a button to register their interest and become a member (as much as that is desirable in its own way).</p>",
        "id": 159097174,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1550777698
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>e.g., if you'd like to be cc'd</p>",
        "id": 159097177,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550777699
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116107\">@davidtwco</span> right, I am giving up on that goal</p>",
        "id": 159097206,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550777716
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>basically I think I would rather 'recognize' regular people through journeyperson role</p>",
        "id": 159097222,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550777728
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well, that's not for WG members</p>",
        "id": 159097224,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1550777731
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the bot is more for people seeing an E-easy issue and wanting to fix it</p>",
        "id": 159097243,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1550777753
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"121055\">@Pietro Albini</span> do you mean \"the bot is not meant for that\"</p>",
        "id": 159097246,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550777754
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yep</p>",
        "id": 159097249,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1550777760
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah, seems fine</p>",
        "id": 159097250,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550777761
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>WGs can be managed with github and the team repo as usual</p>",
        "id": 159097308,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1550777773
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"121055\">@Pietro Albini</span>  does everyone who can assign also have push rights?</p>",
        "id": 159097313,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1550777776
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>WGs can be managed with github and the team repo as usual</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I don't know what this means</p>",
        "id": 159097320,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550777785
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"126931\">@centril</span> yep, that's the problem</p>",
        "id": 159097321,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1550777785
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>@centril yep, that's the problem</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>but why... <span aria-label=\"scream\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f631\" role=\"img\" title=\"scream\">:scream:</span></p>",
        "id": 159097346,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1550777803
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we're sort of trying to define what the \"as usual\" even is...</p>",
        "id": 159097364,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550777808
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> adding people to the github team and to the rust-lang/team repo</p>",
        "id": 159097374,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1550777819
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>hopefully in the near future adding them to the team repo will also add them to the org</p>",
        "id": 159097412,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1550777838
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"121055\">@Pietro Albini</span>  we could register people in a list manually and cc them each by username</p>",
        "id": 159097443,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1550777858
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I wanted people to be able to add themselves</p>",
        "id": 159097453,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550777864
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>thereby not needing write access</p>",
        "id": 159097456,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1550777866
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>in part because it's tedious and annoying</p>",
        "id": 159097458,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550777868
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe it's not so important</p>",
        "id": 159097470,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550777880
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok, we can let people add themselves through a bot</p>",
        "id": 159097472,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1550777882
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> It is tedious and annoying, but it does slow down bad actors a little.</p>",
        "id": 159097531,
        "sender_full_name": "Cem Karan",
        "timestamp": 1550777900
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I still don't like it from a perms point of view</p>",
        "id": 159097536,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1550777903
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>WGs can be managed with github and the team repo as usual</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>In this scenario, someone would register their interest in a working group and then get a entry in the <code>rust-lang/team</code> repo so that they appear in that GitHub group (for the purpose of notifications)? Since we want a really easy way to let people get notified and subscribe themselves to a working group (a lightweight membership), this would end up with the \"everyone is in the repo, security risk\" scenario we want to avoid?</p>",
        "id": 159097545,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1550777908
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><code>@triagebot wg-add t-compiler/wg-traits</code></p>",
        "id": 159097554,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1550777913
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe we can pressure GH to let people make assignments</p>",
        "id": 159097556,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550777917
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>without <em>write</em> perms</p>",
        "id": 159097560,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550777920
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>you really need write perms to be assigned?</p>",
        "id": 159097573,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550777932
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think I've just enumerated the exact conversation that happened while I was typing. <span aria-label=\"face palm\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f926\" role=\"img\" title=\"face palm\">:face_palm:</span></p>",
        "id": 159097576,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1550777933
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yep</p>",
        "id": 159097595,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1550777942
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>github <em>shrugs</em></p>",
        "id": 159097611,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1550777946
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span>  you need write perms to label stuff too... <span aria-label=\"confused\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f615\" role=\"img\" title=\"confused\">:confused:</span></p>",
        "id": 159097615,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1550777948
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't care so much about labels</p>",
        "id": 159097626,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550777955
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>you can have a bot that adjusts labels</p>",
        "id": 159097628,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550777958
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but yes, that'd be ncie</p>",
        "id": 159097649,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550777976
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it's sort of secondary</p>",
        "id": 159097655,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550777979
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> we can fake assignments by saying \"Assigned to: @XYZ\" in the top post of an issue</p>",
        "id": 159097664,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1550777986
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, we could do that</p>",
        "id": 159097682,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550777993
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it's less nice</p>",
        "id": 159097686,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550777995
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it doesn't show up in the issue listing</p>",
        "id": 159097689,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550777998
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but it may be \"good enough\"</p>",
        "id": 159097734,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550778003
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>often, you are mostly just looking for \"unassigned things\"</p>",
        "id": 159097745,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550778008
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that could be fixed by assigning the bot itself</p>",
        "id": 159097748,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1550778016
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>right</p>",
        "id": 159097749,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550778020
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I could certainly live with that</p>",
        "id": 159097755,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550778027
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>who knows a lot of people @ github?</p>",
        "id": 159097768,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1550778037
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I know</p>",
        "id": 159097799,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1550778063
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We can assign people without giving them write permissions, for the record</p>",
        "id": 159097814,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1550778072
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I suppose we'd need to find a good way to notify a group of people too if we want to avoid adding everyone with an interest to the org?</p>",
        "id": 159097816,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1550778074
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>They only need read permissions to be <em>assigned</em></p>",
        "id": 159097827,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1550778079
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh, TIL</p>",
        "id": 159097847,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1550778091
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(basically they need to be in the org)</p>",
        "id": 159097867,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1550778105
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that seems to change .. everything?</p>",
        "id": 159097878,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550778109
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>that seems to change .. everything?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I think so.</p>",
        "id": 159097883,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1550778117
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i.e., we could have a bot that lets you get added to some group</p>",
        "id": 159097888,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550778120
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>with read perms</p>",
        "id": 159097938,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550778125
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116122\">@simulacrum</span> sure about that?</p>",
        "id": 159097957,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1550778136
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so you can be targetd when somebody does <code>@wg-foo</code> and you can be assigned</p>",
        "id": 159097959,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550778136
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"121055\">@Pietro Albini</span> 99% yeah, I think I've done it with a temp account</p>",
        "id": 159097973,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1550778146
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I feel like this is what I remember too</p>",
        "id": 159097997,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550778163
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116122\">@simulacrum</span> would you be willing to test this out?  Just to make 100% sure?</p>",
        "id": 159098018,
        "sender_full_name": "Cem Karan",
        "timestamp": 1550778175
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>You just can't assign yourself if you don't have write permissions (but the bot can do it for you)</p>",
        "id": 159098022,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1550778176
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116266\">@Santiago Pastorino</span>  can you ask GH to make it possible to label issues w/o write access? :P</p>",
        "id": 159098048,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1550778187
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I can't assign my bot account to a github issue on rust-lang/rust</p>",
        "id": 159098053,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1550778189
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and it is on the org</p>",
        "id": 159098057,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1550778191
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok, enough on this, let's follow up later</p>",
        "id": 159098076,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550778202
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>at least not from the UI</p>",
        "id": 159098077,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1550778202
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or spin it out into a distinct topic ;)</p>",
        "id": 159098085,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550778211
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">@Santiago Pastorino</span>  can you ask GH to make it possible to label issues w/o write access? :P</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>yes :)</p>",
        "id": 159098087,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1550778212
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>they may not listen ;)</p>",
        "id": 159098113,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1550778229
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So to summarize:</p>\n<p>We want to avoid any sort of formal membership to a working group. Instead a wg has leads and interested folk can subscribe to it to receive notifications on GitHub issues and in Zulip.</p>",
        "id": 159098114,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1550778230
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or they probably already know and for some reason is not a priority</p>",
        "id": 159098163,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1550778245
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I will follow up after some more testing tonight/this weekend</p>",
        "id": 159098170,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1550778247
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that's what usually happens</p>",
        "id": 159098174,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1550778251
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116122\">@simulacrum</span> add to release agenda?</p>",
        "id": 159098190,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1550778260
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm looking back at our agenda</p>",
        "id": 159098275,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550778328
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>Discuss working group “bootstrap process”<ul>\n<li>What should each working group define?</li>\n<li>What structure should a WG “check-in” have?</li>\n<li>Can we produce a “WG Template” that I can then pass around to folks to fill out?</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>What are the most actionable ideas and can we rank those?</li>\n<li>Which ideas would be better suited for more “discussion meetings”?<ul>\n<li>Steering meetings? Or should we use those for something else</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 159098287,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550778336
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think we've mostly worked out what we'd need to flesh out a wg template and then start some of them?</p>",
        "id": 159098391,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1550778376
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I feel... sort of like we've concluded that the WG template I had is pretty good, but we're missing:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>a table of working groups </li>\n<li>it needs to list leads</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 159098397,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550778382
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah. Something I was thinking about while we were talking also is that</p>",
        "id": 159098427,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550778399
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I would sort of like to produce a \"guide to leading a WG\"</p>",
        "id": 159098438,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550778408
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe I will try to dump out my current thoughts on this as a starting point</p>",
        "id": 159098448,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550778420
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>basically like \"how to run an effective meeting\" etc -- now if only I knew the answer :P</p>",
        "id": 159098466,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550778430
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> I think that the table of working groups will need to be generated automatically to keep it up to date.</p>",
        "id": 159098469,
        "sender_full_name": "Cem Karan",
        "timestamp": 1550778430
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>I would sort of like to produce a \"guide to leading a WG\"</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>In the rustc-guide or the compiler-team repo?</p>",
        "id": 159098477,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1550778435
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>unclear</p>",
        "id": 159098487,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550778443
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>One of the things that we haven't discussed yet is how to wind-down a working group</p>",
        "id": 159098495,
        "sender_full_name": "Cem Karan",
        "timestamp": 1550778449
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>sorry to jump in but I've been skimming</p>",
        "id": 159098500,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1550778453
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> I think that the table of working groups will need to be generated automatically to keep it up to date.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Working groups won't change that much that this will be necessary, IMO.</p>",
        "id": 159098503,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1550778455
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> I think that the table of working groups will need to be generated automatically to keep it up to date.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>yes, I was thinking that the compiler-team repo should probably build into a gh-pages repository</p>",
        "id": 159098515,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550778459
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>However, I think we can start with a manually updated table</p>",
        "id": 159098526,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550778465
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>an item similar to \"Who is leading the working group?\" is \"who is the member who acts as liason with T-compiler\"</p>",
        "id": 159098530,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1550778467
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Interesting</p>",
        "id": 159098547,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550778481
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I agree</p>",
        "id": 159098552,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550778484
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>basically like \"how to run an effective meeting\" etc -- now if only I knew the answer :P</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I think the most important thing is what do you need to do to lead</p>",
        "id": 159098601,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1550778498
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or rather ... \"similar to\" as in \"these two are often identical, perhaps\"; but in case they are not identical, the person organizing the WG-checkin (presumably me, for now) needs to know who the main liason is</p>",
        "id": 159098608,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1550778503
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah; it seems similar to \"who should I ping on zulip\" -- which might be a fairly broad set of folks</p>",
        "id": 159098629,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550778522
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe the template should have something like \"contact points\"</p>",
        "id": 159098638,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550778531
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well part of my hope was that it would <em>not</em> be broad</p>",
        "id": 159098641,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1550778533
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>or rather ... \"similar to\" as in \"these two are often identical, perhaps\"; but in case they are not identical, the person organizing the WG-checkin needs to know who the main liason is</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>This might be something that we could get away with being \"the leads of the wg, unless specified otherwise (special cases)\".</p>",
        "id": 159098644,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1550778534
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and it can have more or less detail</p>",
        "id": 159098646,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550778535
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I want someone to <del>blame</del> take responsbility for presenting</p>",
        "id": 159098647,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1550778537
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>well part of my hope was that it would <em>not</em> be broad</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>well, my point was more like \"if I have questions, who might like to answer them\", which is distinct from \"compiler team liason\"</p>",
        "id": 159098669,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550778553
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I sort of suspect though that the latter is just \"go to the right stream and post something\"</p>",
        "id": 159098774,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550778611
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>there's two side of the things, wg members that need something from the leads and the guide <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> was talking about may help leads to know what they are supposed to do</p>",
        "id": 159098779,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1550778614
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and those folks will answer ;)</p>",
        "id": 159098784,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550778615
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Right, that's what I meant <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116266\">@Santiago Pastorino</span> -- a kind of \"guide to leading a WG\"</p>",
        "id": 159098801,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550778630
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes</p>",
        "id": 159098808,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1550778638
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it's very important</p>",
        "id": 159098821,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1550778644
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The only other unresolved question I've seen asked here was <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"202560\">@Cem Karan</span>'s \"how to wind down a wg\".</p>",
        "id": 159098822,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1550778645
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>And I'm inclined to think we can cross that bridge when we come to it? I guess the main thing is what happens to the stream, GitHub group, labels, etc.</p>",
        "id": 159098864,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1550778680
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah</p>",
        "id": 159098984,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550778757
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we are sort of \"doing it\" with NLL now</p>",
        "id": 159098987,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550778761
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but we're not there yet</p>",
        "id": 159098992,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550778765
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I prob have to run, this was a good meeting y'all -- I was hoping to leave with some more \"action item\" like things, but don't know that I know <em>quite</em> what they are yet</p>",
        "id": 159099036,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550778796
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I am interested in distributing some of this organizational work around</p>",
        "id": 159099050,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550778815
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess a clera one is:</p>",
        "id": 159099056,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550778818
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>can somebody make a \"template\" for WGs?</p>",
        "id": 159099063,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550778825
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>can somebody make a \"template\" for WGs?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I'm happy to work on this.</p>",
        "id": 159099072,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1550778832
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>based on the existing files, but perhaps comb the logs and add a few things</p>",
        "id": 159099077,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550778836
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>thanks <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116107\">@davidtwco</span> <span aria-label=\"heart\" class=\"emoji emoji-2764\" role=\"img\" title=\"heart\">:heart:</span> !</p>",
        "id": 159099082,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550778840
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I am wondering -- does anybody here love jekyll hacking? :P Or something..I'd like to try and convert the compiler-team repository into something that builds into a GitHub pages</p>",
        "id": 159099180,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550778882
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116107\">@davidtwco</span> I can help with that too</p>",
        "id": 159099184,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1550778882
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>this way we could do things like automate the table of working groups etc</p>",
        "id": 159099199,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550778892
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>fairly easily</p>",
        "id": 159099203,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550778893
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that might be another \"concrete goal\" for this group to work on, though lower in priority</p>",
        "id": 159099230,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550778908
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>this way we could do things like automate the table of working groups etc</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>The table will still need manually updated, whether it is rendered by GitHub as a readme or on a Jekyll page?</p>",
        "id": 159099238,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1550778918
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess the next step after a template is to work out what the working groups will be and who will lead them?</p>",
        "id": 159099348,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1550778982
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Can Jekyll be hacked to look through all of the organizations repos?  If each WG had it's own repo with certain files in place at the root, then this can be semi-automated (e.g., WG.json at the root, with some schema)</p>",
        "id": 159099366,
        "sender_full_name": "Cem Karan",
        "timestamp": 1550778991
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess the automation you might want is to be able to run a command to add somebody and then make a commit and call it a day?</p>",
        "id": 159099368,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1550778993
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>I guess the next step after a template is to work out what the working groups will be and who will lead them?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Building on the discussions from the All Hands.</p>",
        "id": 159099372,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1550778995
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>I guess the automation you might want is to be able to run a command to add somebody and then make a commit and call it a day?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I'm not sure who would be being added. We will probably have something like this for the GitHub groups and stuff like that. But the actual working group listing itself will only mention the leads (presumably) and that sort of information won't change all that much.</p>",
        "id": 159099471,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1550779081
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah sorry, I got it wrong, anyway, unsure if Jekyll is really needed</p>",
        "id": 159099614,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1550779156
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>My understanding is that automation will be used to allow people to subscribe themselves to a working group so they can get notifications. But the readme discussing what the working group does, where they meet, etc and the list of active working groups will change so infrequently that I think automation of that wouldn't be worthwhile. Just my 2c.</p>",
        "id": 159099722,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1550779211
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hey <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"126931\">@centril</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"202560\">@Cem Karan</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116266\">@Santiago Pastorino</span> -- I added you to the <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"1095\">@WG-compiler-meta</span> user group. (Did you want to be added, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"121055\">@Pietro Albini</span>?)</p>",
        "id": 159104794,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550783526
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Also, <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"1095\">@WG-compiler-meta</span>, I realize we didn't say explicitly? Should we have another meeting next week, same time, same place?</p>",
        "id": 159104808,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550783543
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm going to assume yes. I made the calendar event repeat.</p>",
        "id": 159104826,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1550783568
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>why not, mostly for the infra around memberships</p>",
        "id": 159104829,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1550783570
    }
]