[
    {
        "content": "<p>Hey <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"1095\">@T-compiler/WG-meta</span> -- meeting time =)</p>",
        "id": 192704276,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585850669
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"1095\">@T-compiler/WG-meta</span> <span aria-label=\"wave\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44b\" role=\"img\" title=\"wave\">:wave:</span></p>",
        "id": 192704285,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585850672
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ohhh :)</p>",
        "id": 192704297,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585850676
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span aria-label=\"wave\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44b\" role=\"img\" title=\"wave\">:wave:</span></p>",
        "id": 192704318,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1585850686
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm not sure what folks have on <em>their</em> minds, I'd like to maybe use this time to move that <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/VhVSTwgiTcmEslbpC7qCOQ\" title=\"https://hackmd.io/VhVSTwgiTcmEslbpC7qCOQ\">Major Change Proposal RFC</a> to \"completion\" status</p>",
        "id": 192704471,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585850754
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Did we ever post a status update in the compiler team meeting this morning? I've been \"on the go\" since it ended and haven't had a chance to check :)</p>",
        "id": 192704542,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585850773
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I have another thing also, but maybe moving that forward is the best thing to do</p>",
        "id": 192704556,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585850782
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02/near/192704542\" title=\"#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02/near/192704542\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Did we ever post a status update in the compiler team meeting this morning? I've been \"on the go\" since it ended and haven't had a chance to check :)</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>we did</p>",
        "id": 192704584,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585850800
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02/near/192704556\" title=\"#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02/near/192704556\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I have another thing also, but maybe moving that forward is the best thing to do</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>what's the other thing?</p>",
        "id": 192704592,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585850806
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm not sure if there are really any <em>open questions</em> left for the MCP RFC</p>",
        "id": 192704601,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585850812
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I've mentioned it last meeting</p>",
        "id": 192704653,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585850846
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the ideas stated in <a class=\"stream-topic\" data-stream-id=\"131828\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/active.20working.20groups\">#t-compiler &gt; active working groups</a></p>",
        "id": 192704663,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585850851
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"124288\">@oli</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/weekly.20meeting.202020-04-02.20.2354818/near/192702431\" title=\"#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/weekly.20meeting.202020-04-02.20.2354818/near/192702431\">mentioned today</a> that they don't know what \"next steps\" are for a MCP</p>",
        "id": 192704712,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1585850875
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>in particular, I've summarized stuff here <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/264\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/264\">compiler-team#264</a></p>",
        "id": 192704719,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585850879
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but that could be because the RFC itself hasn't been merged</p>",
        "id": 192704776,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1585850894
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm writing some quick motivation on the RFC as we talk</p>",
        "id": 192704876,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585850943
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm skimming over <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/264\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/264\">compiler-team#264</a> --</p>",
        "id": 192704897,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585850957
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I basically agree with those points :)</p>",
        "id": 192704962,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585850996
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe a good thing for today wouldl be to look at the list of working groups and kind of \"finalize\" the category we think they'd be in?</p>",
        "id": 192705040,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585851021
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and/or have a few sentences of what those categories mean?</p>",
        "id": 192705051,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585851030
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes</p>",
        "id": 192705055,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585851033
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe we can split working groups and all the different areas of the compiler that we want to track?</p>",
        "id": 192705095,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585851062
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02/near/192705051\" title=\"#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02/near/192705051\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>and/or have a few sentences of what those categories mean?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>hmm what do you mean exactly by categories?</p>",
        "id": 192705144,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585851096
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think from the checklist I want:</p>",
        "id": 192705193,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585851124
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe start with the categories? I see there as being three useful categories:</p>\n<ul>\n<li><strong>projects</strong> -- a specific goal people are working on, but where there isn't much desire to get others involved (e.g., <a class=\"stream\" data-stream-id=\"216091\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/216091-t-compiler.2Fwg-polymorphization\">#t-compiler/wg-polymorphization</a>)</li>\n<li><strong>project groups</strong> -- a larger group of people working towards specific goals (e.g., <a class=\"stream\" data-stream-id=\"144729\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/144729-wg-traits\">#wg-traits</a>, which I think should arguably be renamed to <code>project-chalk</code>)</li>\n<li><strong>areas, \"birds of a feather\"</strong> -- things like llvm, diagnostics, mir opt -- basically a group of people having on a general area of the code</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 192705198,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585851125
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><code> Go deeper and breakdown every compiler area and have dedicated chats for each one</code></p>",
        "id": 192705199,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585851125
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and</p>",
        "id": 192705205,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585851130
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><code> Split out some areas of the compiler from working groups like Diagnostics, LLVM and Traits.</code></p>",
        "id": 192705208,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585851132
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and a possible next step is to fix a bit better the experts map but that will take more time</p>",
        "id": 192705265,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585851158
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think we use working groups for all 3 of those right now</p>",
        "id": 192705288,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585851172
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02/near/192705265\" title=\"#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02/near/192705265\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>and a possible next step is to fix a bit better the experts map but that will take more time</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>yeah the expert map feels related to areas</p>",
        "id": 192705348,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585851209
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>exactly</p>",
        "id": 192705366,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585851218
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>did you make a list of working groups somewhere, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116266\">@Santiago Pastorino</span> ?</p>",
        "id": 192705448,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585851247
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>from those 3 things I think <strong>projects</strong> is fine for WG</p>",
        "id": 192705479,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585851272
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><strong>areas</strong> shouldn't be included</p>",
        "id": 192705484,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585851279
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and I have doubts about <strong>project groups</strong></p>",
        "id": 192705506,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585851289
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I meant, project groups aren't just areas?</p>",
        "id": 192705563,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585851324
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the list is just the table here <a href=\"https://rust-lang.github.io/compiler-team/\" title=\"https://rust-lang.github.io/compiler-team/\">https://rust-lang.github.io/compiler-team/</a></p>",
        "id": 192705602,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585851353
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I see \"project groups\" as being a subset of \"projects\", in some sense, and totally distinct from areas</p>",
        "id": 192705682,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585851390
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>project groups have weekly meetings, roadmaps, and plans</p>",
        "id": 192705690,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585851395
    },
    {
        "content": "<div class=\"codehilite\"><pre><span></span>        &quot;Async/Await&quot;,\n        &quot;Diagnostics&quot;,\n        &quot;Learning&quot;,\n        &quot;LLVM&quot;,\n        &quot;Meta&quot;,\n        &quot;MIR Optimizations&quot;,\n        &quot;Parallel Rustc&quot;,\n        &quot;Polonius&quot;,\n        &quot;Polymorphization&quot;,\n        &quot;RLS 2.0&quot;,\n        &quot;Self-Profile&quot;,\n        &quot;Traits&quot;,\n</pre></div>",
        "id": 192705699,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585851401
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>WGs</p>",
        "id": 192705704,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585851403
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>areas don't necessarily have those things -- they may have vague plans, but they're not as organized</p>",
        "id": 192705742,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585851421
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>they might have \"owners\" but not \"leads\"</p>",
        "id": 192705754,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585851429
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah</p>",
        "id": 192705797,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585851457
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well you could have areas that are not organized and areas that are :)</p>",
        "id": 192705820,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585851472
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think that <a class=\"stream\" data-stream-id=\"196385\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-learning\">#t-compiler/wg-learning</a> is probably a <em>project group</em>, though it might eventually become an area</p>",
        "id": 192705841,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585851479
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but unsure if it's important what I'm saying :)</p>",
        "id": 192705882,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585851483
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah idk sometimes the line is blurry ;)</p>",
        "id": 192705891,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585851489
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02/near/192705841\" title=\"#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02/near/192705841\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I think that <a class=\"stream\" data-stream-id=\"196385\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-learning\">#t-compiler/wg-learning</a> is probably a <em>project group</em>, though it might eventually become an area</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>yes</p>",
        "id": 192705904,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585851493
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I think a project group should be able to have an \"end state\" that it is shooting for</p>",
        "id": 192705922,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585851509
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ideally all the areas should work as currently all project groups are working</p>",
        "id": 192705935,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585851519
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>with meetings, etc, etc</p>",
        "id": 192705942,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585851522
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think for dev-guide, there is some notion of the dev-guide being \"complete\", i.e., it has an overview, and covers the major area of the compiler, and that's the 'project' part of it</p>",
        "id": 192705961,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585851536
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02/near/192705942\" title=\"#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02/near/192705942\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>with meetings, etc, etc</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I'm not sure this is true</p>",
        "id": 192705972,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585851546
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think e.g, the \"MIR borrowck area\" doesn't need regular meetings</p>",
        "id": 192705999,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585851565
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the code is basically \"done\", it just needs some maintaince and maybe one-off meetings to resolve issues</p>",
        "id": 192706011,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585851577
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the thing is ... should MIR borrowck be the area or should just be MIR?</p>",
        "id": 192706047,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585851600
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway, I guess this is not important :)</p>",
        "id": 192706107,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585851608
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I would say MIR borrowck, MIR is too broad</p>",
        "id": 192706115,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585851611
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the 3 levels you've defined is fine</p>",
        "id": 192706161,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585851635
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so we need to split areas out of WGs, right?</p>",
        "id": 192706168,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585851641
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>what we currently have is</p>",
        "id": 192706210,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585851660
    },
    {
        "content": "<div class=\"codehilite\"><pre><span></span>        &quot;Async/Await&quot;,\n        &quot;Learning&quot;,\n        &quot;Meta&quot;,\n        &quot;MIR Optimizations&quot;,\n        &quot;Parallel Rustc&quot;,\n        &quot;Polonius&quot;,\n        &quot;Polymorphization&quot;,\n        &quot;RLS 2.0&quot;,\n        &quot;Self-Profile&quot;,\n        &quot;Traits&quot;,\n</pre></div>",
        "id": 192706237,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585851671
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>WGs</p>",
        "id": 192706238,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585851671
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and LLVM, Diagnostics as areas</p>",
        "id": 192706403,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585851749
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I meant, I think we should remove LLVM and Diagnostics from WGs</p>",
        "id": 192706434,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585851768
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and define all the areas of the compiler</p>",
        "id": 192706446,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585851774
    },
    {
        "content": "<h1>project groups</h1>\n<ul>\n<li>\"Async/Await\" -- interesting case, but I think still a project group</li>\n<li>\"Learning\" -- project group, with goal to complete overview and document major areas of the compiler</li>\n<li>\"Parallel Rustc\" -- project group</li>\n<li>\"Polonius\" -- project group</li>\n<li>\"Polymorphization\" -- project</li>\n<li>\"RLS 2.0\" -- project group, with goal to get rust-analyzer to some state that we should try to describe</li>\n</ul>\n<h1>areas</h1>\n<ul>\n<li>const-eval (not in list, but true)</li>\n<li>\"Diagnostics\" -- area, but they could spawn some project groups (e.g., to create external library)</li>\n<li>\"LLVM\" -- area, no particular goals at present</li>\n<li>\"MIR Optimizations\" -- area, vague goals at present</li>\n<li>\"Self-Profile\" -- was project group, but probably now an area</li>\n</ul>\n<h1>it's complicated</h1>\n<ul>\n<li>\"Traits\" -- should probably have an area, but <em>also</em> a project group for chalk specifically</li>\n<li>\"Meta\" -- project group? area? Interesting question!</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 192706453,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585851776
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>this is my take on the above btw :)</p>",
        "id": 192706468,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585851784
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes</p>",
        "id": 192706525,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585851816
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>agreed</p>",
        "id": 192706527,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585851818
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think it'd be useful to have <code>#t-compiler/traits</code> and <code>#t-compiler/traits/project-chalk</code>, something like that</p>",
        "id": 192706666,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585851875
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it might actually help because right now #wg-traits is (imo) a bit \"broad\"</p>",
        "id": 192706691,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585851886
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or -- more to the point -- it's de facto more of a \"chalk discussion\" area, but the name suggests it'd be more</p>",
        "id": 192706719,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585851901
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah that sounds good</p>",
        "id": 192706748,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585851916
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I feel like that means other non-chalk-related discussions kind of get \"lesser status\" than perhaps they ought to</p>",
        "id": 192706762,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585851924
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>what should we do first?</p>",
        "id": 192706795,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585851944
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>curious what you think, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span>, does the above kind of fit your expectations?</p>",
        "id": 192706808,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585851950
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think maybe the first step is to fix the working group situation</p>",
        "id": 192706824,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585851957
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02/near/192706795\" title=\"#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02/near/192706795\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>what should we do first?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I would say -- let's try to write-up a kind of proposal  and spell out the implications -- doesn't have to be super long, probably start from my notes above ?</p>",
        "id": 192706889,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585851976
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and then sketch out \"here is what the zulip channels would look like\"</p>",
        "id": 192706926,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585851994
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I meant, I'd just remove from the list what should not be included as a WG</p>",
        "id": 192706929,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585851995
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>you mean from the list on the compiler-team page?</p>",
        "id": 192706951,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585852011
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think that's fine, we can do that</p>",
        "id": 192706955,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585852014
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm not sure what my expectations are</p>",
        "id": 192706956,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1585852015
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02/near/192706951\" title=\"#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02/near/192706951\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>you mean from the list on the compiler-team page?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>yes</p>",
        "id": 192706975,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585852026
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>though it seems like, in general, Project Groups should be striving to become Areas. :)</p>",
        "id": 192706985,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1585852034
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes, that's probably true</p>",
        "id": 192706993,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585852042
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(or replace an area)</p>",
        "id": 192707001,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585852047
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>right</p>",
        "id": 192707013,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1585852052
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(or get integrated into an area)</p>",
        "id": 192707021,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585852056
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>e.g. AST-borrowck was an area. NLL was a project. Now MIR-borrowck is an area.</p>",
        "id": 192707034,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1585852066
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think e.g. you could have a project-inlining or something in the \"MIR Optimizations\" area</p>",
        "id": 192707048,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585852076
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>basically I feel like projects can go \"inside\" areas (but maybe not, if they don't neatly fit...)</p>",
        "id": 192707117,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585852090
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>perhaps, if they don't neatly fit, then this suggests they will become a \"fresh area\"</p>",
        "id": 192707138,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585852106
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but the big idea I was trying to put forward, which I'm not sure if anyones articulated,</p>",
        "id": 192707139,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1585852107
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>e.g., polonius</p>",
        "id": 192707144,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585852109
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>is that project groups should be striving to make themselves unnecessary</p>",
        "id": 192707161,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1585852118
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that plus, I think: have a defined scope at any given time, though I think it's ok for the scope to \"extend itself\" over time</p>",
        "id": 192707206,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585852145
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>this is where I was vacillating for \"wg-meta\"</p>",
        "id": 192707213,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585852150
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02/near/192707161\" title=\"#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02/near/192707161\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>is that project groups should be striving to make themselves unnecessary</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>yeah it is in that sense that I was thinking that both things are the same or at least very similar</p>",
        "id": 192707221,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585852152
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think the line gets blurriest for those things that are trying to do work that might become a \"new area\" in the end</p>",
        "id": 192707266,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585852183
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>polonius, rls 2.0, learning/rustc-dev-guide</p>",
        "id": 192707280,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585852194
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(if the area was \"borrow check\" then I guess polonius is clearly a kind of \"project within that\", with the goal of replacing MIR borrowck)</p>",
        "id": 192707382,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585852232
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe the question is what we consider important to have and why?</p>",
        "id": 192707383,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585852232
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I meant, maybe it's not really important if wg-meta is a wg or an area</p>",
        "id": 192707412,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585852246
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think we should make a simple rule:</p>",
        "id": 192707417,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585852250
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if you have regular meetings, you are a project :)</p>",
        "id": 192707427,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585852258
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>what I feel the lack of is mainly areas and things around github to contemplate those</p>",
        "id": 192707440,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585852265
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or a team</p>",
        "id": 192707441,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1585852265
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or some \"structure\" beyond \"jump in to the channel and say hi\"</p>",
        "id": 192707442,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585852268
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>like being able to ping a team</p>",
        "id": 192707449,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585852272
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02/near/192707440\" title=\"#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02/near/192707440\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>what I feel the lack of is mainly areas and things around github to contemplate those</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>yes</p>",
        "id": 192707469,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585852288
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so maybe establishing the areas is most urgent, that makes sense</p>",
        "id": 192707476,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585852296
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes</p>",
        "id": 192707483,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585852303
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>areas and people that belong to those</p>",
        "id": 192707494,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585852312
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>speaking of the expert map,</p>",
        "id": 192707508,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585852321
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so from issues it's easy to cc @t-compiler/llvm or @t-compiler/diagnostics and things like that</p>",
        "id": 192707557,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585852328
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think we should reflect the areas in the rust-lang/team repo in <em>some</em> way</p>",
        "id": 192707564,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585852332
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>in particular it's the one that manages github teams</p>",
        "id": 192707578,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585852342
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes</p>",
        "id": 192707594,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585852352
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we might do it like \"ICEbreaker\" groups, where the main thing is to be able to \"ping\" people from that area</p>",
        "id": 192707601,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585852356
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that's what the issue I've opened says</p>",
        "id": 192707605,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585852358
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and also it's easy for people to add themselves</p>",
        "id": 192707614,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585852362
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>Define a github group so we can ping the maintainers of each area, this could be integrated in team repo and maybe the whole experts map can be integrated as maintainer attribute into team repo</p>\n</blockquote>",
        "id": 192707628,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585852375
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(because there aren't real implications for access rights, you don't become an org member, etc, so the bar is low)</p>",
        "id": 192707642,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585852387
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or they can be \"real teams\", where the bar is mildly higher</p>",
        "id": 192707656,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585852403
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'd be fine either way really</p>",
        "id": 192707664,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585852407
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'd kill experts map and add areas and maintainers</p>",
        "id": 192707670,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585852411
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I can talk to <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"121055\">@Pietro Albini</span> to see how this can be implemented and if he feels that's a good idea</p>",
        "id": 192707770,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585852453
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02/near/192707656\" title=\"#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02/near/192707656\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>or they can be \"real teams\", where the bar is mildly higher</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>by real teams, I basically mean the equivalent of \"compiler contributors\" -- i.e., you get nominated, and when you're added, you become added to github teams and other things</p>",
        "id": 192707782,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585852461
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span> do we want to make this step then? \"kill experts and add areas/maintainers to team\"</p>",
        "id": 192707806,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585852480
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it seems like we mostly have the tools we need, we just have to decide what it means to be added to an area</p>",
        "id": 192707822,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585852489
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>cc <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116122\">@simulacrum</span></p>",
        "id": 192707837,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1585852497
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02/near/192707806\" title=\"#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202020.2E04.2E02/near/192707806\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> do we want to make this step then? \"kill experts and add areas/maintainers to team\"</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I think that's good, but I'm not sure just how we want to model yet</p>",
        "id": 192707868,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585852513
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'd like to just use github's CODEOWNERS</p>",
        "id": 192707882,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1585852527
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>what's that</p>",
        "id": 192707891,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585852533
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but that sounds plausible :)</p>",
        "id": 192707898,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585852537
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://help.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/about-code-owners\" title=\"https://help.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/about-code-owners\">https://help.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/about-code-owners</a></p>",
        "id": 192707921,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1585852556
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>btw, I think that -- if library-ification ever develops as I hope -- then these \"areas\" would map to real libraries eventually</p>",
        "id": 192707971,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585852564
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it would be even nice if we have a set of directories that belong to an area</p>",
        "id": 192707984,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585852577
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yep that's what codeowners does</p>",
        "id": 192708010,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1585852589
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so when a PR comes we may do some heuristic and cc the appropriate team</p>",
        "id": 192708014,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585852591
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ahh cool :)</p>",
        "id": 192708016,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585852593
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah, that sounds good</p>",
        "id": 192708023,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585852598
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I do agree this should map to the files in the code</p>",
        "id": 192708030,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585852602
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and we could integrate it in the triagebot auto-assignment when it will be implemented</p>",
        "id": 192708038,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1585852610
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yep</p>",
        "id": 192708069,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585852638
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>very interesting</p>",
        "id": 192708086,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585852649
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok, so, let's make \"figure out areas and how they sdhould work\" the immediate goal, and the question of how to \"recategorize\" non-working groups is sort of secondary follow-up?</p>",
        "id": 192708123,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1585852672
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span aria-label=\"+1\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44d\" role=\"img\" title=\"+1\">:+1:</span></p>",
        "id": 192708232,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585852701
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess I could start a little document with areas, directories and possible maintainers</p>",
        "id": 192708294,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585852743
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I remember we had some difficulties filling up experts map</p>",
        "id": 192708325,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585852762
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway, will start with something and share</p>",
        "id": 192708363,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585852792
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>is the meeting still on? :P</p>",
        "id": 192712040,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1585854733
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>no :)</p>",
        "id": 192713167,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1585855296
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I feel like const-eval is also in \"it's complicated\" territory</p>",
        "id": 192736373,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1585867018
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>while it is an area, it's also like async/await, with specific goals that need to be achieved</p>",
        "id": 192736407,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1585867052
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>like control flow and whatnot</p>",
        "id": 192736414,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1585867058
    }
]