[
    {
        "content": "<p>Gah! Somehow the time slipped by. <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"1095\">@T-compiler/WG-meta</span> -- sync?</p>",
        "id": 191154726,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1584641921
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>o/</p>",
        "id": 191154768,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1584641946
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/Meeting.202020.2E03.2E05\" title=\"#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/Meeting.202020.2E03.2E05\">Two weeks back</a> we were taking a stab at the Major Changes Proposal RFC</p>",
        "id": 191154788,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1584641954
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>resulting in <a class=\"stream-topic\" data-stream-id=\"185694\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/major.20change.20proposal.20RFC\">#t-compiler/wg-meta &gt; major change proposal RFC</a></p>",
        "id": 191154802,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1584641962
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I feel like there were a few other things that came up this morning ...</p>",
        "id": 191154811,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1584641971
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ah, yeah, having some idea who the \"owners\" are of different things, right? and having groups to ping for platforms and stuff like that</p>",
        "id": 191154836,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1584641988
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>hey</p>",
        "id": 191154921,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1584642016
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hey :)</p>",
        "id": 191155657,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1584642352
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> what do we have to move forward?</p>",
        "id": 191156532,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1584642706
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>sorry but I have been starting always these meetings and seems are still crazy here</p>",
        "id": 191156564,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1584642719
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>couldn't see the meeting appointment</p>",
        "id": 191156609,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1584642725
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>heh no worries, things are also crazy here, which is why I'm kind of unresponsive</p>",
        "id": 191156980,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1584642862
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>sigh, I don't know what needs to be done</p>",
        "id": 191156993,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1584642866
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think the Motivation could be spelle out a bit,</p>",
        "id": 191157023,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1584642882
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the process might be extended slightly to cover things like \"new compiler flags\" (as discussed in <a class=\"stream-topic\" data-stream-id=\"131828\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/proposal.3A.20add.20cryptographic.20hashes.20to.20debuginfo.20.2369718\">#t-compiler &gt; proposal: add cryptographic hashes to debuginfo #69718</a>)</p>",
        "id": 191157048,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1584642900
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and it'd be nice to add a few examples of changes that could've/should've used this in the past</p>",
        "id": 191157076,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1584642916
    }
]