[
    {
        "content": "<p>That reminds me, I wanted to brainstorm a bit about what to do in the next meeting. One thought I had was to try and come up with some specific \"procedures\" that we could document and work on those.</p>",
        "id": 159446375,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551206529
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>seems like a good idea</p>",
        "id": 159446607,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1551206647
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>as I was mentioning in the other thread, I guess clarifying better expectations for members and leads would be great to lay out a bit better too</p>",
        "id": 159446789,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1551206764
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe this is only reasonable to me :P, unsure to be honest, but I've learned that a lot of things often don't work great because of the difference of what one think should do and in what way and what the rest expect you should do and how :)</p>",
        "id": 159446903,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1551206856
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes, definitely</p>",
        "id": 159446992,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551206901
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>That somewhat ties in with the good neighbor guidelines that I had linked in the big ideas list (I feel like I'm referencing that video a lot..).</p>",
        "id": 159446999,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1551206909
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>another thing I'm not sure is how many people from rustc team is willing to take a WG lead role and how much availability they have</p>",
        "id": 159447036,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1551206933
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>as a meta point I feel like our goal right now should still be trying to find concrete tasks and doing them :)</p>",
        "id": 159447042,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551206938
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ah, another semi-urgent item .. we should probably create some <em>place</em> to record the set of WGs and to document when they last had a \"check-in\". </p>\n<p>In my ideal world, we'd be \"broadcasting\" results from these check-ins, that process doesn't quite feel \"smooth\" yet, but I think that's ok for now.</p>",
        "id": 159447194,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551207008
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(maybe that's the \"big table\"?)</p>",
        "id": 159447210,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1551207020
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>ah, another semi-urgent item .. we should probably create some <em>place</em> to record the set of WGs and to document when they last had a \"check-in\". </p>\n<p>In my ideal world, we'd be \"broadcasting\" results from these check-ins, that process doesn't quite feel \"smooth\" yet, but I think that's ok for now.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>If each working group is supposed to have its own place in the repository, could we use a script to see when they updated their meeting minutes last?</p>",
        "id": 159522213,
        "sender_full_name": "Cem Karan",
        "timestamp": 1551279834
    }
]