[
    {
        "content": "<p>we have been talking with <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> about <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/264\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/264\">compiler-team#264</a></p>",
        "id": 193495728,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586459311
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think what we want to start doing is first have a sane list of working groups in the compiler-team website</p>",
        "id": 193495785,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586459342
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and second document areas and maintainers in a format that's suitable to place in rust-lang/team</p>",
        "id": 193495836,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586459363
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> already shared this ...</p>",
        "id": 193495912,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586459401
    },
    {
        "content": "<div class=\"codehilite\"><pre><span></span>maybe start with the categories? I see there as being three useful categories:\n\n* **projects** -- a specific goal people are working on, but where there isn&#39;t much desire to get others involved (e.g., #**t-compiler/wg-polymorphization**)\n* **project groups** -- a larger group of people working towards specific goals (e.g., #**wg-traits**, which I think should arguably be renamed to `project-chalk`)\n* **areas, &quot;birds of a feather&quot;** -- things like llvm, diagnostics, mir opt -- basically a group of people having on a general area of the code\n\n\n# project groups\n\n* &quot;Async/Await&quot; -- interesting case, but I think still a project group\n* &quot;Learning&quot; -- project group, with goal to complete overview and document major areas of the compiler\n* &quot;Parallel Rustc&quot; -- project group\n* &quot;Polonius&quot; -- project group\n* &quot;Polymorphization&quot; -- project\n* &quot;RLS 2.0&quot; -- project group, with goal to get rust-analyzer to some state that we should try to describe\n\n# areas\n\n* const-eval (not in list, but true)\n* &quot;Diagnostics&quot; -- area, but they could spawn some project groups (e.g., to create external library)\n* &quot;LLVM&quot; -- area, no particular goals at present\n* &quot;MIR Optimizations&quot; -- area, vague goals at present\n* &quot;Self-Profile&quot; -- was project group, but probably now an area\n\n# it&#39;s complicated\n\n* &quot;Traits&quot; -- should probably have an area, but *also* a project group for chalk specifically\n* &quot;Meta&quot; -- project group? area? Interesting question!\n</pre></div>",
        "id": 193495961,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586459405
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so for working groups we need to go to <a href=\"https://rust-lang.github.io/compiler-team/\" title=\"https://rust-lang.github.io/compiler-team/\">https://rust-lang.github.io/compiler-team/</a> ...</p>",
        "id": 193496054,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586459448
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and we would need to remove Diagnostics, LLVM, Mir Optimizations, Self Profile and Traits</p>",
        "id": 193496258,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586459530
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but at the same time it wouldn't make a lot of sense to do this because I guess we would like some of this groups, in particular Traits and Mir Optimizations to be able to share in our compiler meetings some of the progress they are making</p>",
        "id": 193496325,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586459578
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so, I guess this is escalating to a different level and I'd just defer this decision until we decide what do we want to do during the meeting</p>",
        "id": 193496474,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586459638
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>basically I think we want groups to share progress but maybe that's unrelated to working groups, maybe some areas should be included some others shouldn't</p>",
        "id": 193496569,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586459673
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>cc <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span></p>",
        "id": 193496576,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586459678
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>sorry for not giving any feedback here <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116266\">@Santiago Pastorino</span></p>",
        "id": 194320261,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1587050286
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>been busy :)</p>",
        "id": 194320264,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1587050288
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>no worries, that's why today we have a meeting :)</p>",
        "id": 194321583,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1587050729
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think it's reasonable to do some work during this meetings and not try to push too hard meanwhile</p>",
        "id": 194321810,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1587050780
    }
]