[
    {
        "content": "<p>Hey what is the protocol/requirements for creating a new zulip stream, if any?</p>",
        "id": 175793303,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1568622859
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I basically would like to assist with this <a href=\"#narrow/stream/122653-zulip/topic/stdarch.20stream.3F/near/174069537\" title=\"#narrow/stream/122653-zulip/topic/stdarch.20stream.3F/near/174069537\">request for stdarch (n√©e stdsimd) stream</a> but I don't want to step on any toes in the process.</p>",
        "id": 175793339,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1568622910
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>^ <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116107\">@davidtwco</span></p>",
        "id": 175793418,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1568622986
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't think there's any sort of formal process. I've just did it whenever someone on a team asked.</p>",
        "id": 175793463,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1568623046
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay. Would it make sense for at least establish some github repo where people could file issues for such requests?</p>",
        "id": 175793525,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1568623107
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(potentially using some pre-existing repo)</p>",
        "id": 175793526,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1568623117
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Perhaps, doesn't really fit in compiler-team since Zulip isn't just the compiler team (despite that being the case in practice).</p>",
        "id": 175793538,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1568623141
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so that the requests can be processed in a structured fashion? Or is the thinking that the requests should be so rare that we can continue handling via one-off process?</p>",
        "id": 175793539,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1568623142
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah that is true, that its not just a compiler team issue.</p>",
        "id": 175793549,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1568623153
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and I don't want it polluting rust-lang/rust repo</p>",
        "id": 175793556,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1568623175
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't think the requests are frequent enough that just asking a team lead (or someone like that) to make/\"approve\" the request would be too much of a burden, normally I think it's just been that those people haven't seen the request.</p>",
        "id": 175793655,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1568623261
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess we could make a #stream-requests or something, where those posts can go and administrators can just keep an eye on it and ping team leads or people like that to confirm?</p>",
        "id": 175793693,
        "sender_full_name": "davidtwco",
        "timestamp": 1568623320
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah okay. anyway I will take care of adding the t-libs/stdarch stream now.</p>",
        "id": 175793879,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1568623541
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>I guess we could make a #stream-requests or something, where those posts can go and administrators can just keep an eye on it and ping team leads or people like that to confirm?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>(I like this suggestion, in the sense that the people who use Zulip are the ones who are going to be making these requests, and so it makes some sense to put the interface for such requests into what they are already using. Rather than putting the requests in an entirely different forum -- putting it on github would make sense if we expected to e.g. need to link to and from the requests with the rest of the project issues and source code, but I think we can all agree that is unlikely.)</p>",
        "id": 175794866,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1568624333
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I have been meaning for a long time to try and form a \"zulip wg\"</p>",
        "id": 176126169,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1568916630
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>in particular, I think we need to document some of the ways we use zulip</p>",
        "id": 176126187,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1568916646
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and we could give new users advice on how to get started</p>",
        "id": 176126197,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1568916653
    }
]