[
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"4704\">@WG-async-sprint-planning</span> The first sprint planning meeting is in ~one hour. Agenda is here: <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/@wg-async-foundations/SkZxIAabt\">https://hackmd.io/@wg-async-foundations/SkZxIAabt</a></p>",
        "id": 251729839,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630594955
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"4704\">@WG-async-sprint-planning</span> <span aria-label=\"wave\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44b\" role=\"img\" title=\"wave\">:wave:</span></p>",
        "id": 251739266,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630598521
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>wave!</p>",
        "id": 251739525,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630598609
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Welcome everyone</p>",
        "id": 251739686,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630598651
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so going forward, I'm going to put the agenda in the above doc and others can add to it</p>",
        "id": 251739779,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630598685
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think it'd be a good idea to very briefly review the general idea of \"sprints\", cadence, polish issues, etc</p>",
        "id": 251739873,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630598729
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>to make sure we're all on the same page etc</p>",
        "id": 251739888,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630598737
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah, agreed</p>",
        "id": 251739910,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630598747
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we're short a few owners though :(</p>",
        "id": 251739922,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630598751
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I just remembered that e.g. <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span> is on vacation, so that's expected</p>",
        "id": 251739984,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630598764
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe we're not!</p>",
        "id": 251739993,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630598768
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"421986\">@eholk</span> ?</p>",
        "id": 251740038,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630598788
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ah, he did wave</p>",
        "id": 251740057,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630598796
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok, never mind me</p>",
        "id": 251740063,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630598797
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm here!</p>",
        "id": 251740067,
        "sender_full_name": "eholk",
        "timestamp": 1630598798
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/187312-wg-async-foundations/topic/sprint.20planning.202021-09-02/near/251739873\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I think it'd be a good idea to very briefly review the general idea of \"sprints\", cadence, polish issues, etc</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>let's do that when we get to sprint planning, I think</p>",
        "id": 251740119,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630598815
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>Check in on organizational setup</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 251740189,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630598845
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>is the first item on the agenda</p>",
        "id": 251740206,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630598851
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I wanted to see if owners had a chance to parse out their initiatives and roadmaps</p>",
        "id": 251740297,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630598883
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok</p>",
        "id": 251740465,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630598941
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>example of an initiative is <a href=\"https://rust-lang.github.io/wg-async-foundations/vision/roadmap/async_fn/async_fn_fundamentals.html\">async fn fundamentals</a></p>",
        "id": 251740488,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630598949
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I am in the process of moving that over to a <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/async-fundamentals-initiative\">dedicated repo</a></p>",
        "id": 251740534,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630598968
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Is that something we should be doing with all the initiatives?</p>",
        "id": 251740724,
        "sender_full_name": "eholk",
        "timestamp": 1630599026
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but the end state is that the Roadmap section of the site should link to a fully filled out version of each of these</p>",
        "id": 251740757,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630599036
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I am not sure it makes sense for everyone</p>",
        "id": 251740759,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630599039
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Will we keep an independent repo for each initiative <em>and</em> have to keep the WG's site up to date? It feels like we'd be duplicating effort there :-/</p>",
        "id": 251740766,
        "sender_full_name": "Esteban Küber",
        "timestamp": 1630599041
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think the idea, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"119031\">@Esteban Küber</span>, was to forward from the main repo to the dedicated one</p>",
        "id": 251740799,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630599057
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>rather than duplicating the content</p>",
        "id": 251740807,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630599061
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes, and it's up to owners whether you want a dedicated repo or not</p>",
        "id": 251740859,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630599077
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>my hunch is it makes sense for async iteration or other things that are \"big pieces\" of design</p>",
        "id": 251740895,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630599093
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but for polish not so much</p>",
        "id": 251740914,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630599099
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe \"corresponds to lang team initiative\" is a rough rule of thumb for a dedicated repo?</p>",
        "id": 251741004,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630599125
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>sounds right</p>",
        "id": 251741105,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630599171
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway, I think we should definitely have this done by the end of the first sprint</p>",
        "id": 251741115,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630599174
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>\"wants design docs that don't have an otherwise appropriate home\"? :)</p>",
        "id": 251741133,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630599180
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>as a meta point, is our goal to leave this meeting with a list of people + tasks for them?</p>",
        "id": 251741234,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630599221
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>including milestones for at least initiatives that are underway (defining this for things we <span aria-label=\"zzz\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f4a4\" role=\"img\" title=\"zzz\">:zzz:</span> is not a bad idea but can probably be skipped)</p>",
        "id": 251741344,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630599251
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/187312-wg-async-foundations/topic/sprint.20planning.202021-09-02/near/251741234\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>as a meta point, is our goal to leave this meeting with a list of people + tasks for them?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I'd like to leave with a list of sprint goals for each area, hopefully each goal also has a person attached :)</p>",
        "id": 251741466,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630599307
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>Discuss meeting structure</li>\n</ul>\n<p>is the next agenda item</p>",
        "id": 251741563,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630599349
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I suppose here is where we should talk about the general concept of sprints</p>",
        "id": 251741592,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630599359
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> did you want to give an intro, or should I</p>",
        "id": 251741728,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630599397
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'd say you do it</p>",
        "id": 251741828,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630599437
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'll check that it matches my expectations :)</p>",
        "id": 251741839,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630599442
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok :)</p>",
        "id": 251741849,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630599445
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So, I think most people have heard of sprints</p>",
        "id": 251741910,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630599466
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Basically every 2 weeks, we talk about how the last sprint went and we set the goals for what we're going to accomplish in the next sprint</p>",
        "id": 251742009,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630599498
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that's pretty much it :)</p>",
        "id": 251742123,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630599551
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>for us specifically</p>",
        "id": 251742161,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630599569
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the other thing I thought we might mention is the interaction with polish</p>",
        "id": 251742219,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630599591
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm thinking we should include \"shared team responsibilities\" in each sprint, which means what we've been referring to as \"polish\" issues</p>",
        "id": 251742237,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630599597
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>these are things like ICEs, bad diagnostics, etc.</p>",
        "id": 251742336,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630599620
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't think these should be up to any one person to fix, or they'll just pile up</p>",
        "id": 251742430,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630599656
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Curious to hear people's thoughts on this, though</p>",
        "id": 251742453,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630599665
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I like the idea</p>",
        "id": 251742505,
        "sender_full_name": "eholk",
        "timestamp": 1630599684
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>more specifically, what we wanted to say was: each person in the group should aim to fix 1 polish issue per sprint</p>",
        "id": 251742537,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630599696
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Should we use the wg-async-foundations repo as a shared backlog, and rely on labels for \"things that need to be done, by anyone that has time\"?</p>",
        "id": 251742555,
        "sender_full_name": "Esteban Küber",
        "timestamp": 1630599704
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that's kind of a \"minimum bar\" for group membership, I think</p>",
        "id": 251742570,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630599713
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>/me notes that he hasn't really fixed 1 issue per sprint for some time :)</p>",
        "id": 251742658,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630599737
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"119031\">Esteban Küber</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/187312-wg-async-foundations/topic/sprint.20planning.202021-09-02/near/251742555\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Should we use the wg-async-foundations repo as a shared backlog, and rely on labels for \"things that need to be done, by anyone that has time\"?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>we have an existing set of issue tags for rust-lang/rust</p>",
        "id": 251742707,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630599753
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(<span aria-label=\"point up\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f446\" role=\"img\" title=\"point up\">:point_up:</span> with the understanding that some \"polish\" tickets can be larger than others <span aria-label=\"sweat smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f605\" role=\"img\" title=\"sweat smile\">:sweat_smile:</span>)</p>",
        "id": 251742713,
        "sender_full_name": "Esteban Küber",
        "timestamp": 1630599757
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We could use our <a href=\"https://github.com/orgs/rust-lang/projects/2\">project board</a> to track the shared backlog. I've been thinking of reorganizing it to make it clearer what polish issues are open</p>",
        "id": 251742743,
        "sender_full_name": "eholk",
        "timestamp": 1630599771
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>my assumption is that \"working on\" an issue is ok too :)</p>",
        "id": 251742756,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630599778
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>presuming it is hard</p>",
        "id": 251742757,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630599778
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah, I think we'll have to calibrate expectations a bit as we go.. it might be that you spend hours on an issue and it's still not fixed, but you feel like you made progress..</p>",
        "id": 251742759,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630599779
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'd say that it's up to <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"421986\">@eholk</span> to organize things in whatever way he sees fit</p>",
        "id": 251742817,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630599808
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>in terms of labels / board etc</p>",
        "id": 251742824,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630599812
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes</p>",
        "id": 251742851,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630599820
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but we can all kibitz :)</p>",
        "id": 251742854,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630599821
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>please do!</p>",
        "id": 251742879,
        "sender_full_name": "eholk",
        "timestamp": 1630599837
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah so I'd like to get the basic workflow for polish issues outlined by next meeting</p>",
        "id": 251743017,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630599887
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we can iterate on it of course</p>",
        "id": 251743045,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630599902
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>As for the meeting structure itself, here's what I had in mind more specifically:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Check in from each area lead (preparing these ahead of time is encouraged), including:<br>\n    - Previous sprint progress<br>\n    - Next sprint goals<br>\n    - Blockers and/or ideas for making progress easier</li>\n<li>Post list of items open for review</li>\n<li>Other topics added to the agenda</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 251743103,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630599926
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>how does this sound?</p>",
        "id": 251743239,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630599971
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>sgtm</p>",
        "id": 251743320,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630600013
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>otherwise I think we can move on</p>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"261224\">@triagebot</span> end-topic</p>",
        "id": 251743331,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630600020
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Does anyone have something to add on the current topic?<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"working on it\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f6e0\" role=\"img\" title=\"working on it\">:working_on_it:</span> if you have something to say.<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"all good\" class=\"emoji emoji-2705\" role=\"img\" title=\"all good\">:all_good:</span> if not.</p>",
        "id": 251743334,
        "sender_full_name": "triagebot",
        "timestamp": 1630600021
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The next thing I wanted to talk about was identifying initial sprint goals for each area</p>",
        "id": 251743419,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630600062
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>Identify first (uncalibrated) sprint goals</li>\n</ul>\n<p>is the agenda item</p>",
        "id": 251743442,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630600071
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>these should be as specific and actionable as possible, and also aim to be realistic</p>",
        "id": 251743545,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630600099
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>/me thinks-- 2 weeks :)</p>",
        "id": 251743642,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630600142
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I put (uncalibrated) here because while I'd like to fit the goals to exactly what we can get done in 2 weeks, we don't actually know how much that is</p>",
        "id": 251743652,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630600145
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116883\">@tmandry</span> you and I should be able to outline the (curently understood) design space around async fn in trait in that time</p>",
        "id": 251743733,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630600177
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah, that sounds right</p>",
        "id": 251743828,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630600208
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>there's also all the organizational setup we talked about</p>",
        "id": 251743892,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630600232
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe we should all take 5 minutes to brainstorm these for our respective areas?</p>",
        "id": 251743947,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630600250
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we can drop them in the <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/gPgXC4fsTZOgOnd-Bwhoag\">agenda doc</a></p>",
        "id": 251744027,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630600280
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that's a good idea</p>",
        "id": 251744108,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630600313
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116883\">tmandry</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/187312-wg-async-foundations/topic/sprint.20planning.202021-09-02/near/251743892\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>there's also all the organizational setup we talked about</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>by this you mean, e.g., that someone could take an action item like \"create the repo\"</p>",
        "id": 251744175,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630600329
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yep (and fill it out, and link to it from the wg-async-foundations)</p>",
        "id": 251744265,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630600380
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Something I'm wondering about: I'm thinking about finishing up more work around status quo, shiny future narratives</p>",
        "id": 251744340,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630600419
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that doesn't exactly fit any existing area</p>",
        "id": 251744350,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630600424
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I'm going to add it</p>",
        "id": 251744361,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630600430
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah</p>",
        "id": 251744371,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630600436
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><strong>brainstorming time is happening</strong> in case you missed it :-)</p>",
        "id": 251744435,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630600450
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We are adding <em>only</em> this sprint's milestones, right?</p>",
        "id": 251744523,
        "sender_full_name": "Esteban Küber",
        "timestamp": 1630600495
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>right</p>",
        "id": 251744542,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630600503
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>correct</p>",
        "id": 251744543,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630600504
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(brb)</p>",
        "id": 251745138,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630600760
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok, let's circle back in one minute</p>",
        "id": 251745247,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630600804
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>lurking.  Sorry I'm late I had another meeting that ran long.</p>",
        "id": 251745305,
        "sender_full_name": "Doc Jones",
        "timestamp": 1630600818
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>unless everyone is done already</p>",
        "id": 251745336,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630600830
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay, I guess now we'll do show and tell :)</p>",
        "id": 251745428,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630600877
    },
    {
        "content": "<h4>General</h4>\n<ul>\n<li>Extend and land <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/wg-async-foundations/pull/230\">#230</a> -- nikomatsakis</li>\n<li>Extend roadmap vision to include <code>async fn main</code> and to mention the \"task-local auto trait\" problem -- nikomatsakis</li>\n<li>Apply the diffs I've been saving up in a hackmd somewhere to the roadmap -- tmandry</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 251745473,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630600894
    },
    {
        "content": "<h4>Async fn everywhere</h4>\n<ul>\n<li>Update the wg-async-foundations repo to link to the repository</li>\n<li>Outline design space for async fn in trait + dyn async fn in trait in the <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/async-fundamentals-initiative\">initiative repo</a></li>\n<li>Prepare a lang-team proposal for \"async fn in traits\" </li>\n<li>Write up a charter for \"async fn fundamentals\"</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 251745519,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630600912
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if there are no comments</p>",
        "id": 251745625,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630600952
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well, one question I had was whether we should make an \"umbrella initiative\" for \"async fundamentals\" which is what the repo covers</p>",
        "id": 251745742,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630601009
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Niko thought it wasn't worth it</p>",
        "id": 251745811,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630601040
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>actually <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> to make sure, do you see \"async fn in traits\" as covering both static and dyn?</p>",
        "id": 251745999,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630601108
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think that feels about right for a lang team initiative</p>",
        "id": 251746064,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630601136
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>back</p>",
        "id": 251746126,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630601153
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116883\">tmandry</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/187312-wg-async-foundations/topic/sprint.20planning.202021-09-02/near/251745999\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>actually <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> to make sure, do you see \"async fn in traits\" as covering both static and dyn?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I do</p>",
        "id": 251746215,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630601171
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok</p>",
        "id": 251746287,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630601205
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we may wind up with two RFCs</p>",
        "id": 251746298,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630601207
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I think it's one feature</p>",
        "id": 251746302,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630601212
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>next up is</p>\n<h4><a href=\"https://hackmd.io/@estebank/H1F4Qu0bt\">Async iteration</a></h4>\n<ul>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/lang-team/blob/master/src/initiatives.md\">T-lang proposal</a> for async iteration item - estebank</li>\n<li>Update wg-async-foundations repo to link to async-iteration repo - estebank</li>\n<li>Start conversation on \"async iteration expression\"<br>\n     - This feature has been added to the initiative due to grouping, but no work has been done on it yet.</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 251746395,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630601246
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>what is \"async iteration expression\" again?</p>",
        "id": 251746461,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630601273
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh, is that <code>for await</code> or whatever?</p>",
        "id": 251746472,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630601278
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"119031\">@Esteban Küber</span></p>",
        "id": 251746569,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630601302
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Correct</p>",
        "id": 251746614,
        "sender_full_name": "Esteban Küber",
        "timestamp": 1630601319
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok</p>",
        "id": 251746645,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630601333
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>something that I <em>haven't</em> worked on and if we want done at some point, I need to start thinking about it</p>",
        "id": 251746686,
        "sender_full_name": "Esteban Küber",
        "timestamp": 1630601344
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I am still fond the framing it as extending patterns, but we can discuss in said conversation :)</p>",
        "id": 251746745,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630601371
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>okay, sounds good</p>",
        "id": 251746774,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630601383
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hey, not to interrupt this meeting, but I was interested in getting involved in a roadmap item, but the only thing that says \"help wanted\" is boxable async fns, is that going to be updated, or is everything else covered?</p>",
        "id": 251746801,
        "sender_full_name": "Ibraheem Ahmed",
        "timestamp": 1630601392
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We decided not to do boxable async fns now, actually</p>",
        "id": 251746916,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630601426
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think we're still figuring out places where more people can plug in</p>",
        "id": 251746955,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630601444
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"363998\">@Ibraheem Ahmed</span> if there's something that we have in excess is work to do :)</p>",
        "id": 251746978,
        "sender_full_name": "Esteban Küber",
        "timestamp": 1630601455
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the next section is</p>\n<h4>Polish</h4>\n<ul>\n<li>Discuss liveness-based generator captures with lang-team - eholk</li>\n<li>Significant progress towards production-ready generator liveness captures - eholk</li>\n<li>Reschedule weekly triage meeting to be Europe-friendly - eholk</li>\n<li>Re-organize and continue to maintain project board for polish issues - eholk</li>\n<li>Fix a polish bug (which one TBD) - eholk</li>\n<li>Progress towards <code>must_not_suspend</code> lint - Gus Wynn</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 251747038,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630601480
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>cc <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"421986\">@eholk</span></p>",
        "id": 251747070,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630601493
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>My main focus will be on the generator capture issue, and I'm cautiously optimistic we can get most of the code for it done</p>",
        "id": 251747189,
        "sender_full_name": "eholk",
        "timestamp": 1630601536
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>One thing <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"363998\">@Ibraheem Ahmed</span> is that I expect us to be posting drafts and things for feedback, so there will be opportunities to help out on the design of items -- that said, I'd say that it's a good question in genearl, and that each area owner should be thinking about if/when there are places they'd like help</p>",
        "id": 251747198,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630601541
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I have a hard stop in a few min so ill talk about mine real quick: on <code>must_not_suspend</code> I am planning to start looking at it this weekend, with the guidance <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> gave on <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/83310\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/83310</a>, it looks like the other person working on it hasn't done much since mar so I think it should be fine</p>",
        "id": 251747228,
        "sender_full_name": "Gus Wynn",
        "timestamp": 1630601558
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Otherwise, I'll be doing organization stuff and trying to help others contribute to polish issues</p>",
        "id": 251747231,
        "sender_full_name": "eholk",
        "timestamp": 1630601560
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok, great. I think this looks good</p>",
        "id": 251747355,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630601615
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The other areas that have owners are \"Portability across runtimes\" and \"Tooling\", both of those owners couldn't make the meeting today, but should be able to in the future</p>",
        "id": 251747505,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630601675
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"257428\">@Gus Wynn</span> great! let's add that to the list. We should ping the two authors but I also think they will not mind someone pitching in on the coding aspect of things!</p>",
        "id": 251747506,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630601676
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ya and if worse case effort is duplicated and I learn how lints work in rustc, not too bad of an outcome</p>",
        "id": 251747585,
        "sender_full_name": "Gus Wynn",
        "timestamp": 1630601707
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/187312-wg-async-foundations/topic/sprint.20planning.202021-09-02/near/251747506\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"257428\">Gus Wynn</span> great! let's add that to the list. We should ping the two authors but I also think they will not mind someone pitching in on the coding aspect of things!</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>the \"two\" authors? it looks like one person was working on that?</p>",
        "id": 251747693,
        "sender_full_name": "Gus Wynn",
        "timestamp": 1630601748
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>there were two authors of the original RFC, I think</p>",
        "id": 251747845,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630601805
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think the RFC + design were being worked on by both <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"248777\">@Bhargav Voleti</span>  and <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"207781\">@Lucio Franco</span></p>",
        "id": 251747851,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630601808
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>What's still missing from our process / organization?</li>\n</ul>\n<p>is the next and last agenda item</p>",
        "id": 251747892,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630601830
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/187312-wg-async-foundations/topic/sprint.20planning.202021-09-02/near/251747851\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I think the RFC + design were being worked on by both <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"248777\">Bhargav Voleti</span>  and <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"207781\">Lucio Franco</span></p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>and they are now pinged, nice!</p>",
        "id": 251747917,
        "sender_full_name": "Gus Wynn",
        "timestamp": 1630601839
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>basically: is there anything missing from the overall structure here that would help?</p>",
        "id": 251748005,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630601877
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>one thing I'm noticing is that we haven't thought too much about \"entry vectors\" for people who want to help</p>",
        "id": 251748135,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630601919
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I feel like this process is quite new for us</p>",
        "id": 251748138,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630601921
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think that's ok</p>",
        "id": 251748153,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630601925
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>specifically, I think that we are kind of consciously trying to do somethign a bit different, more focused</p>",
        "id": 251748184,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630601937
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I thnk it's something we should keep in mind and come back to</p>",
        "id": 251748216,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630601946
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(ah one thing we didn't talk about was the lists of stakeholders, right?)</p>",
        "id": 251748270,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630601967
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ah you're right</p>",
        "id": 251748309,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630601977
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>shoot</p>",
        "id": 251748316,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630601981
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Each area owner needs to identify stakeholders for their area, and list them somewhere</p>",
        "id": 251748384,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630602002
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we're out of time now, though</p>",
        "id": 251748494,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630602021
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but area owners, please be thinking about this :)</p>",
        "id": 251748574,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630602041
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>going to wrap up now.. <span aria-label=\"wave\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44b\" role=\"img\" title=\"wave\">:wave:</span>  thanks everyone!</p>",
        "id": 251748602,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630602055
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://rust-lang.github.io/wg-async-foundations/vision/how_to_vision/stakeholders.html\">https://rust-lang.github.io/wg-async-foundations/vision/how_to_vision/stakeholders.html</a></p>",
        "id": 251748638,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630602065
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116883\">@tmandry</span> -- we were going to make a kind of \"checklist\" for area owners, right? but we never did...</p>",
        "id": 251748693,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630602084
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>d'oh</p>",
        "id": 251748696,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630602084
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway, <span aria-label=\"wave\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44b\" role=\"img\" title=\"wave\">:wave:</span></p>",
        "id": 251748712,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1630602089
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/187312-wg-async-foundations/topic/sprint.20planning.202021-09-02/near/251748693\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>oh, <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116883\">tmandry</span> -- we were going to make a kind of \"checklist\" for area owners, right? but we never did...</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>you're right, let's throw that on</p>",
        "id": 251748772,
        "sender_full_name": "tmandry",
        "timestamp": 1630602111
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116883\">tmandry</span> has marked this topic as resolved.</p>",
        "id": 251759523,
        "sender_full_name": "Notification Bot",
        "timestamp": 1630606071
    }
]