[
    {
        "content": "<p>Do we want to have meetings at all-hands? cc <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"1172\">@WG-async-foundations</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"120823\">@DPC</span></p>",
        "id": 177795910,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1570702401
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Having a time slot available for that seems useful.</p>",
        "id": 177805347,
        "sender_full_name": "Yoshua Wuyts [he/they]",
        "timestamp": 1570711416
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah I'm sure we'll want to dedicate some time to this topic. I guess this might be a group that's worth considering separately from lang/compiler</p>",
        "id": 177922094,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1570810021
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Reserving a seperate slot for this. Thanks</p>",
        "id": 178002681,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1570907936
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm fairly happy to give t-lang slots over to t-compiler (+wgs) myself this year</p>",
        "id": 178002957,
        "sender_full_name": "centril",
        "timestamp": 1570908414
    }
]