[
    {
        "content": "<p>Hey all!</p>\n<p>The lang team is holding the next planning meeting on July 7th (next week), and is looking for updates from the active projects. Please leave them on your issue on the lang-team repo: <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/lang-team/issues/33\">https://github.com/rust-lang/lang-team/issues/33</a></p>\n<p>Good questions to consider:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>What are recent topics of discussion?</li>\n<li>Any exciting developments since the last check-in?</li>\n<li>Any points where the group is stuck and the lang-team could weigh in?</li>\n<li>Any potential design meeting topics?</li>\n<li>Any other concerns?</li>\n</ul>\n<p>No worries if there's not been any significant progress since the last update.</p>",
        "id": 244218622,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1624924250
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116883\">@tmandry</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> could either of you provide an update on the issue? The meeting is in ~2 days now.</p>",
        "id": 244978562,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1625523796
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Done.</p>",
        "id": 245207589,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1625675639
    }
]