<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>Remote meetings · rust-all-hands-2020 (public) · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/220139-rust-all-hands-2020-(public)/index.html">rust-all-hands-2020 (public)</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/220139-rust-all-hands-2020-(public)/topic/Remote.20meetings.html">Remote meetings</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="186398710"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/220139-rust-all-hands-2020%20%28public%29/topic/Remote%20meetings/near/186398710" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/220139-rust-all-hands-2020-(public)/topic/Remote.20meetings.html#186398710">(Jan 23 2020 at 15:21)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hey everyone, we've had some requests for having remote compatible meetings, allowing people who cannot attend in person to still be able to attend the meetings, through video calls. We're wondering if there is a general interest in having this for more meetings?</p>



<a name="186398849"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/220139-rust-all-hands-2020%20%28public%29/topic/Remote%20meetings/near/186398849" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/220139-rust-all-hands-2020-(public)/topic/Remote.20meetings.html#186398849">(Jan 23 2020 at 15:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>we probably want that for infra meetings</p>



<a name="186398861"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/220139-rust-all-hands-2020%20%28public%29/topic/Remote%20meetings/near/186398861" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/220139-rust-all-hands-2020-(public)/topic/Remote.20meetings.html#186398861">(Jan 23 2020 at 15:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>as aidan might not make it to the all hands</p>



<a name="186416282"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/220139-rust-all-hands-2020%20%28public%29/topic/Remote%20meetings/near/186416282" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Triplett <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/220139-rust-all-hands-2020-(public)/topic/Remote.20meetings.html#186416282">(Jan 23 2020 at 17:59)</a>:</h4>
<p>I would, in general, prefer to avoid doing so; it substantially complicates meetings and increases friction. If there's a <em>specific</em> meeting for which we need a specific person or two who are critical to the meeting's success and can't come in person, by all means we should make such arrangements. But I don't think we should be doing that for all meetings.</p>



<a name="186416352"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/220139-rust-all-hands-2020%20%28public%29/topic/Remote%20meetings/near/186416352" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Triplett <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/220139-rust-all-hands-2020-(public)/topic/Remote.20meetings.html#186416352">(Jan 23 2020 at 17:59)</a>:</h4>
<p>I also expect that we'll be having some meetings on sensitive topics, for which people will be uncomfortable being on camera. (For instance, trying to talk through sensitive conflicts.)</p>



<a name="186416452"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/220139-rust-all-hands-2020%20%28public%29/topic/Remote%20meetings/near/186416452" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Triplett <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/220139-rust-all-hands-2020-(public)/topic/Remote.20meetings.html#186416452">(Jan 23 2020 at 18:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>So I'd suggest that we make it something that <em>can</em> be arranged on request for a specific meeting, if the in-person attendees specifically need an external attendee there to be successful.</p>



<a name="186416490"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/220139-rust-all-hands-2020%20%28public%29/topic/Remote%20meetings/near/186416490" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pietro Albini <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/220139-rust-all-hands-2020-(public)/topic/Remote.20meetings.html#186416490">(Jan 23 2020 at 18:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>oh, I'd definitely not want to make every meeting remote by default</p>



<a name="186417493"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/220139-rust-all-hands-2020%20%28public%29/topic/Remote%20meetings/near/186417493" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Triplett <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/220139-rust-all-hands-2020-(public)/topic/Remote.20meetings.html#186417493">(Jan 23 2020 at 18:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>My concern would be in setting the expectation that we'd make a meeting remote because someone <em>wanted</em> to attend remotely, rather than that those attending in person <em>needed</em> someone remote to attend.</p>



<a name="186420053"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/220139-rust-all-hands-2020%20%28public%29/topic/Remote%20meetings/near/186420053" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> XAMPPRocky <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/220139-rust-all-hands-2020-(public)/topic/Remote.20meetings.html#186420053">(Jan 23 2020 at 18:36)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="239881">@Josh Triplett</span> This is more about seeing if there's enough interest to see if it's worth setting up the logistics to have software &amp; hardware to help reduce the friction, it's up to the teams to decide to actually make the call.</p>



<a name="186420282"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/220139-rust-all-hands-2020%20%28public%29/topic/Remote%20meetings/near/186420282" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Triplett <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/220139-rust-all-hands-2020-(public)/topic/Remote.20meetings.html#186420282">(Jan 23 2020 at 18:39)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="219696">@XAMPPRocky</span> Thank you for the clarification. In that case, it sounds like there's interest. :)</p>



<a name="186420387"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/220139-rust-all-hands-2020%20%28public%29/topic/Remote%20meetings/near/186420387" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Triplett <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/220139-rust-all-hands-2020-(public)/topic/Remote.20meetings.html#186420387">(Jan 23 2020 at 18:40)</a>:</h4>
<p>If it helps, I would also imagine that such logistics might only need to be available in one room, and meetings that need such logistics could then get scheduled in that room.</p>



<a name="186431085"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/220139-rust-all-hands-2020%20%28public%29/topic/Remote%20meetings/near/186431085" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> DPC <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/220139-rust-all-hands-2020-(public)/topic/Remote.20meetings.html#186431085">(Jan 23 2020 at 20:19)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="239881">@Josh Triplett</span> that would be difficult as we have concurrent meetings at the same time</p>



<a name="186431143"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/220139-rust-all-hands-2020%20%28public%29/topic/Remote%20meetings/near/186431143" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Triplett <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/220139-rust-all-hands-2020-(public)/topic/Remote.20meetings.html#186431143">(Jan 23 2020 at 20:19)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="120823">@DPC</span> Concurrent meetings that all need remote attendees, that can't be rescheduled to not be concurrent?</p>



<a name="186431214"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/220139-rust-all-hands-2020%20%28public%29/topic/Remote%20meetings/near/186431214" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> DPC <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/220139-rust-all-hands-2020-(public)/topic/Remote.20meetings.html#186431214">(Jan 23 2020 at 20:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>That's a possibility but for that we will have to know in advance</p>



<a name="186431216"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/220139-rust-all-hands-2020%20%28public%29/topic/Remote%20meetings/near/186431216" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Triplett <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/220139-rust-all-hands-2020-(public)/topic/Remote.20meetings.html#186431216">(Jan 23 2020 at 20:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>(I'm not suggesting that they <em>have</em> to be, I'm just suggesting that we shouldn't need such infrastructure in <em>every</em> room. If we need it in two rooms, that's still better than needing it in every room.)</p>



<a name="186431256"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/220139-rust-all-hands-2020%20%28public%29/topic/Remote%20meetings/near/186431256" class="zl"><img src="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> DPC <a href="https://rust-lang.github.io/zulip_archive/stream/220139-rust-all-hands-2020-(public)/topic/Remote.20meetings.html#186431256">(Jan 23 2020 at 20:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yeah it's most likely going to be opt-in</p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Aug 07 2021 at 22:04 UTC</p>
</html>