[
    {
        "content": "<p>Some context: <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/89167#issuecomment-933031740\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/89167#issuecomment-933031740</a><br>\nSo Mark raised this idea, since I mentioned a future final state for rust-lang/portable-simd might be \"archived, the work is totally merged in to rust-lang/rust\", of just merging it all in right now and shutting down rust-lang/portable-simd right away: <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/89167#issuecomment-933063065\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/89167#issuecomment-933063065</a></p>\n<p>Now, that would be low-cost for me, and Mark <strong>isn't</strong> requiring it... but it would make Mark a little happier. However, I am getting the impression that this might be a sudden workflow-breaking cost-raising change for everyone else and I don't wanna inflict that right away, least of all while we are still working things out.</p>",
        "id": 256128751,
        "sender_full_name": "Jubilee",
        "timestamp": 1633379833
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>mentioning this here just to broadcast my thoughts on possible endpoints for this project a little more loudly and so I can check to make sure I don't have some massive disagreement of \"no let's move it all into core right away and have to rebuild rustc for minor changes\" from <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"312331\">@Caleb Zulawski</span>  &lt;_&lt;;</p>",
        "id": 256129259,
        "sender_full_name": "Jubilee",
        "timestamp": 1633380046
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>FWIW, if it's still all unstable, I would be in favor of a libs team \"delegation\" so that you can approve changes in that specific area as long as that doesn't have any stabilizations.</p>",
        "id": 256148346,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1633389131
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>That would potentially reduce the workflow overhead.</p>",
        "id": 256148350,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1633389137
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The lang team has a similar understanding with the const eval working group.</p>",
        "id": 256148366,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1633389151
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It has less to do with that and more to do with \"building the compiler is a lot\" IME.</p>",
        "id": 256150353,
        "sender_full_name": "Jubilee",
        "timestamp": 1633390402
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think it's probably not the best to move it right now, particularly because of the separate test suite and fairly common major changes</p>",
        "id": 256150583,
        "sender_full_name": "Caleb Zulawski",
        "timestamp": 1633390538
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>One benefit of it being a separate repo is we can collaborate on relatively large changes more easily without pushing it upstream</p>",
        "id": 256150736,
        "sender_full_name": "Caleb Zulawski",
        "timestamp": 1633390612
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>as long as it's not an excessive amount of additional work for the main compiler people, a separate repo is much better</p>",
        "id": 256156203,
        "sender_full_name": "Lokathor",
        "timestamp": 1633393911
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Cool. Yeah, it doesn't seem to be a dealbreaker either way, I mostly just figured I'd make sure I am in-tune.</p>",
        "id": 256160036,
        "sender_full_name": "Jubilee",
        "timestamp": 1633396350
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"281757\">Jubilee</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/257879-project-portable-simd/topic/On.20a.20possible.20final.20state/near/256150353\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>It has less to do with that and more to do with \"building the compiler is a lot\" IME.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Ah. So the concern would be that folks developing it would have to build the whole compiler, and wouldn't be able to build just that one crate to test it?</p>",
        "id": 256174563,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1633407218
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We could make CI ensure that <code>cargo test</code> in that crate works...</p>",
        "id": 256174571,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1633407227
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't think that arrangement would satisfy the intent of Mark's observation.</p>",
        "id": 256175043,
        "sender_full_name": "Jubilee",
        "timestamp": 1633407561
    }
]