<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>[planning meeting] 2021-06-04 · t-compiler/meetings · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/index.html">t-compiler/meetings</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html">[planning meeting] 2021-06-04</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="241539281"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241539281" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241539281">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>hi <span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="897">@T-compiler/meeting</span> , the planning meeting for this cycle is starting now</p>



<a name="241539416"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241539416" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241539416">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>the list of proposals is <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Ameeting-proposal+-label%3Ameeting-scheduled">here</a></p>



<a name="241539527"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241539527" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241539527">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>we have just one new proposal: "1.52 Fingerprint retrospective (aka COE)” <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/435">compiler-team#435</a></p>



<a name="241539760"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241539760" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241539760">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>I do think there are other things we <em>could</em> dedicate a Friday meeting to, such as reviewing the outstanding MCPs, or figuring out what to do with our P-medium+P-high issue backlog</p>



<a name="241539834"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241539834" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241539834">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:06)</a>:</h4>
<p>but for this cycle, I’m completely happy with just one meeting. :)</p>



<a name="241540140"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241540140" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241540140">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>I suppose the main thing I want to do is 1. make sure that people are generally in favor of dedicating a friday meeting to <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/435">compiler-team#435</a>, and 2. double-check whether the list of items to cover (in the associated document) is sufficient, or if people think it might be missing something</p>



<a name="241540199"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241540199" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241540199">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>specifically, <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/435">compiler-team#435</a> says (in its summary): </p>
<blockquote>
<p>The compiler team should have a retrospective on the 1.52.0 release issues with fingerprints that led to an emergency release of 1.52.1. @pnkfelix will take lead on preparing a document discussing 1. the events in our development and release process that led to the issues in the 1.52.0 release, 2. how we subsequently discovered the issues and responded to them in the short-term, and 3. what steps we can take going forward to reduce risk of re-occurrence of similar events in the future.</p>
</blockquote>



<a name="241540275"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241540275" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> mw <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241540275">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>So there's only the one proposal?</p>



<a name="241540291"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241540291" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241540291">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yeah, that’s all</p>



<a name="241540302"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241540302" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> mw <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241540302">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>OK</p>



<a name="241540304"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241540304" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241540304">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>you want to propose something?</p>



<a name="241540310"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241540310" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241540310">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>:)</p>



<a name="241540315"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241540315" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> mw <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241540315">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>it's a good one though :)</p>



<a name="241540347"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241540347" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> mw <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241540347">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>I wanted to propose something similar</p>



<a name="241540350"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241540350" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241540350">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>I definitely won’t have time next week to prepare the doc</p>



<a name="241540394"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241540394" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nagisa <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241540394">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>I do have concerns about our lint level flags story, but no time to drive the effort/discussion.</p>



<a name="241540399"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241540399" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> mw <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241540399">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>i.e. discussing how we can get more testing if those tests are bad for performance</p>



<a name="241540470"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241540470" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241540470">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>so the earliest I would expect to have a meeting for <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/435">compiler-team#435</a> would be Friday June 18th</p>



<a name="241540499"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241540499" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> mw <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241540499">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm also out next week</p>



<a name="241540588"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241540588" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241540588">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>I have thoughts about testing too</p>



<a name="241540627"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241540627" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241540627">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>I hadn’t really thought hard about whether more testing would have caught this</p>



<a name="241540660"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241540660" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241540660">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>in particular, we <em>knew</em> about these ICEs</p>



<a name="241540720"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241540720" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Aaron Hill <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241540720">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think the main problem was that we didn't realize when it was going to be released</p>



<a name="241540723"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241540723" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241540723">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>Right</p>



<a name="241540802"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241540802" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> mw <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241540802">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>yes, testing might be a related but different topic</p>



<a name="241540804"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241540804" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241540804">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>which is something I <em>think</em> the release team has discussed as well</p>



<a name="241540850"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241540850" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241540850">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:12)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="125294">Aaron Hill</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04/near/241540720">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>I think the main problem was that we didn't realize when it was going to be released</p>
</blockquote>
<p>I think that wasn't the only problem</p>



<a name="241540941"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241540941" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241540941">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>I can imagine ways that more testing <em>could</em> have caught this problem</p>



<a name="241540983"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241540983" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241540983">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>e.g. if we had a policy of putting in “expected fail” or “expected ICE” tests</p>



<a name="241541004"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241541004" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241541004">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>I don't think we should do the retro right now though :)</p>



<a name="241541012"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241541012" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241541012">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>right right</p>



<a name="241541019"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241541019" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241541019">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>good point <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116009">@nikomatsakis</span></p>



<a name="241541065"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241541065" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241541065">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>but anyway, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="124287">@mw</span> , I think it would be great if you could put together a proposal for the next cycle</p>



<a name="241541080"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241541080" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241541080">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>with your thoughts around testing</p>



<a name="241541160"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241541160" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241541160">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>the main thing i want to resolve</p>



<a name="241541182"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241541182" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241541182">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>Oh, well, three main things</p>



<a name="241541222"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241541222" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241541222">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:14)</a>:</h4>
<ol>
<li>should we have a Friday meeting for <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/435">compiler-team#435</a> (and it sounds like people are not opposed to it)</li>
</ol>



<a name="241541307"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241541307" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241541307">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:15)</a>:</h4>
<ol start="2">
<li>does the current summary for <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/435">compiler-team#435</a> hit all the points we would want the document to cover (i.e. is it sufficiently broad in scope)</li>
</ol>



<a name="241541326"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241541326" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241541326">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:15)</a>:</h4>
<ol start="3">
<li>Which Friday to have the meeting!</li>
</ol>



<a name="241541480"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241541480" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241541480">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>It could be on either <span aria-label="one" class="emoji emoji-0031-20e3" role="img" title="one">:one:</span> June <del>16th</del> 18th or <span aria-label="two" class="emoji emoji-0032-20e3" role="img" title="two">:two:</span> June <del>23rd</del> 25th</p>



<a name="241541557"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241541557" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> mw <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241541557">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>those are wednesdays, right?</p>



<a name="241541563"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241541563" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241541563">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>omg</p>



<a name="241541611"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241541611" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241541611">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>/me was messing with their calendar and advanced it to July without noticing</p>



<a name="241541748"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241541748" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241541748">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>Looks like people are in favor of Friday June 18th.</p>



<a name="241541853"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241541853" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241541853">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:18)</a>:</h4>
<p>Great, I’ll write up an Inside Rust announcing the meeting</p>



<a name="241541878"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241541878" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241541878">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:18)</a>:</h4>
<p>anything else people want to discuss? We’ve got a release in ~two weeks</p>



<a name="241541960"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241541960" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> mw <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241541960">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:19)</a>:</h4>
<p>where are we standing with the fingerprint issues for the next release?</p>



<a name="241542004"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241542004" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> mw <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241542004">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:19)</a>:</h4>
<p>we have decided to give it another cycle, right?</p>



<a name="241542022"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241542022" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241542022">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:19)</a>:</h4>
<p>The plan, based on last Friday’s discussion, is to do the same thing in 1.53 stable that we did in 1.52.1</p>



<a name="241542026"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241542026" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241542026">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:19)</a>:</h4>
<p>yeah</p>



<a name="241542049"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241542049" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241542049">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:19)</a>:</h4>
<p>but we won’t put it into the 1.53-beta nor the 1.54-beta</p>



<a name="241542050"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241542050" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> mw <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241542050">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:19)</a>:</h4>
<p><span aria-label="+1" class="emoji emoji-1f44d" role="img" title="+1">:+1:</span></p>



<a name="241542133"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241542133" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241542133">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>So there’s a slight risk associated with having the deviation between the beta and the stable</p>



<a name="241542148"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241542148" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241542148">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>but I think its the best option available</p>



<a name="241542229"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241542229" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241542229">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:21)</a>:</h4>
<p>(because I do not want to regress incr-comp defaulting to “on” atop the beta branch, for those (admittedly few, according to twitter poll) who are using beta branch.)</p>



<a name="241542413"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241542413" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241542413">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:22)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116122">@simulacrum</span> what is the best way to coordinate ensuring that that happens? I guess it would be good to put the code into beta but have it turned off via a boolean switch or <code>cfg!</code> flag, just to make the final step of turning it on in stable trivial?</p>



<a name="241542448"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241542448" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241542448">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>hm, I think the patch is easy enough we can just land it as part of the uplift</p>



<a name="241542453"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241542453" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241542453">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>but then again the patch itself is pretty trivial</p>



<a name="241542459"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241542459" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241542459">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>It'd be good to file an issue and milestone it</p>



<a name="241542461"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241542461" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241542461">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>yeah okay</p>



<a name="241542478"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241542478" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241542478">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>that way it's on our radar when making the release</p>



<a name="241542494"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241542494" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241542494">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>Okay I’ll file an issue, very good point</p>



<a name="241542550"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241542550" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241542550">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:23)</a>:</h4>
<p>Okay then. I think we can just end in the meeting in that case!</p>



<a name="241542566"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202021-06-04/near/241542566" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202021-06-04.html#241542566">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:23)</a>:</h4>
<p>Thank you everyone in <span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="897">@T-compiler/meeting</span> for attending!</p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 20:01 UTC</p>
</html>