<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>[planning meeting] 2022-01-14 · t-compiler/meetings · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/index.html">t-compiler/meetings</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html">[planning meeting] 2022-01-14</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="268024523"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268024523" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268024523">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:01)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hi <span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="897">@T-compiler/meeting</span> ; planning meeting starts now!</p>



<a name="268024577"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268024577" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268024577">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:01)</a>:</h4>
<p>(add a <span aria-label="wave" class="emoji emoji-1f44b" role="img" title="wave">:wave:</span> up top to show you’re here)</p>



<a name="268024686"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268024686" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268024686">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>we have one meeting proposal</p>



<a name="268024711"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268024711" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268024711">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>burn down tower of P-high issues <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/479">compiler-team#479</a></p>



<a name="268024761"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268024761" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268024761">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>in addition, I think we’ve talked about trying to pre-allocate time to deal with backport nominations, or even beta regressions in general rather</p>



<a name="268024914"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268024914" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268024914">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>but I think we’ve also decided that dealing with backports/regressions that pile up could be handled by a subgroup in a dedicated meeting</p>



<a name="268024962"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268024962" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268024962">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>(i.e. <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="125250">@Wesley Wiser</span> , myself, and <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116122">@simulacrum</span> . At least, that’s worked pretty well in the past.)</p>



<a name="268025025"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268025025" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268025025">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>there isn’t much of a concrete proposal yet for <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/479">compiler-team#479</a></p>



<a name="268025077"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268025077" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268025077">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think in my head, what I was hoping was that <em>before</em> the meeting, the topic owner (probably me) would build up a doc that categorizes the set of P-high issues</p>



<a name="268025081"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268025081" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Wesley Wiser <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268025081">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:05)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="116083">pnkfelix</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14/near/268024761">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>in addition, I think we’ve talked about trying to pre-allocate time to deal with backport nominations, or even beta regressions in general rather</p>
</blockquote>
<p>The next release is Feb 24, so we should consider scheduling time on Feb 4 or Feb 11 for that.</p>



<a name="268025153"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268025153" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268025153">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:05)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="116083">pnkfelix</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14/near/268025077">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>I think in my head, what I was hoping was that <em>before</em> the meeting, the topic owner (probably me) would build up a doc that categorizes the set of P-high issues</p>
</blockquote>
<p>and then the team would collectively go through that document and discuss the plans for the different bugs</p>



<a name="268025343"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268025343" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268025343">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>Do people here think that would make sense? Or does someone have a different structure to propose? <em>Does</em> it make sense to dedicate a synchronous meeting time slot to this? (It seems to me like people who want to come can attend, and people who are not interested can just not come)</p>



<a name="268025403"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268025403" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268025403">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>It might be cool to even try to open the discussion of the P-high issues up to broader portion of the community, maybe...</p>



<a name="268025543"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268025543" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268025543">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think it'd be a useful question to ask the extent to which p-{low,med,high} are "actively used" -- prior to aiming to triage them/address them. I think we use them for triage meeting agendas, but not sure if for other things.</p>



<a name="268025758"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268025758" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268025758">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>you mean in the sense of “do these priorities reflect the reality of how important these things are” ?</p>



<a name="268025782"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268025782" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268025782">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>no, in the sense of "is someone looking at these labels"</p>



<a name="268025783"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268025783" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268025783">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>we certainly could also <em>attempt</em> to review a broader set of tickets to try to confirm if the priorities are accurate</p>



<a name="268025895"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268025895" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jack Huey <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268025895">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>Question: who should "own" P-high issues? Is really individuals? Or should it be sub-teams/working groups</p>



<a name="268025915"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268025915" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268025915">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>when I look at individual tickets or small sets of tickets, I do look at the labels to get an idea of importance</p>



<a name="268025982"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268025982" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268025982">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>but I do not attempt to review the whole set of all P-high or P-medium issues as a grop</p>



<a name="268026025"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268026025" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Esteban Küber <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268026025">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>We're also assuming that tickets are properly labelled in the first place <span aria-label="eyes" class="emoji emoji-1f440" role="img" title="eyes">:eyes:</span></p>



<a name="268026078"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268026078" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268026078">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>right, that was what I was getting at when I said that we <em>could</em> attempt a broader review</p>



<a name="268026119"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268026119" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268026119">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>at the very least, reviewing the P-high issues would give us an opportunity to downgrade prioirty of some items</p>



<a name="268026249"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268026249" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Esteban Küber <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268026249">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>Mislabels are not as big a problem as unlabeled important tickets (but maybe this doesn't happen as much?)</p>



<a name="268026352"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268026352" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268026352">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>Well, a mislabelled important ticket may be worse than an unlabelled important ticket...</p>



<a name="268026379"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268026379" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268026379">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>but I think we’re pretty conserative about downgrading labels</p>



<a name="268026417"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268026417" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jack Huey <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268026417">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:15)</a>:</h4>
<p>Do we have a "formal" definition of what each priority means?</p>



<a name="268026474"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268026474" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268026474">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:15)</a>:</h4>
<p>I know we have taken stabs at coming up with definitions</p>



<a name="268026562"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268026562" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jack Huey <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268026562">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think the only one it's clear for in P-critical</p>



<a name="268026669"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268026669" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Wesley Wiser <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268026669">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>There's also a pretty large backlog of issues that haven't been interacted with in years. (<a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+sort%3Aupdated-asc">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+sort%3Aupdated-asc</a>)</p>



<a name="268026720"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268026720" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268026720">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think in reality the practical definition <em>is</em> how the label is used in practice. Which means: P-critical is potential release blocker. Al P-high means is that it will be included in the weekly count at the triage meeting. (And P-high regressions will be considered explicitly at weekly triage meeting). P-medium/P-low is ignored</p>



<a name="268026763"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268026763" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268026763">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>I don’t think this is ideal, but it is what we’ve done thus far.</p>



<a name="268026868"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268026868" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Wesley Wiser <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268026868">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:18)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="232957">Jack Huey</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14/near/268026417">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>Do we have a "formal" definition of what each priority means?</p>
</blockquote>
<p><a href="https://forge.rust-lang.org/compiler/prioritization/priority-levels.html">https://forge.rust-lang.org/compiler/prioritization/priority-levels.html</a></p>



<a name="268026912"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268026912" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268026912">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:18)</a>:</h4>
<p>oh thank you <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="125250">@Wesley Wiser</span></p>



<a name="268027056"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268027056" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268027056">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:19)</a>:</h4>
<p>In some ways, my attempt to schedule this meeting is me <em>assuming</em> that 1. the definitions in that forge link are accurate and 2. the P-labels are semi-accurate</p>



<a name="268027173"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268027173" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268027173">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>and thus, I’m vaguely concerned about the number of P-high issues. They are supposed to be things we keep our eye on.</p>



<a name="268027263"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268027263" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268027263">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:20)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="232957">@Jack Huey</span> had a good point, in that some individual sub-teams may actually have a handle on their respective set of P-high issues</p>



<a name="268027372"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268027372" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268027372">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:21)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think the exercise of going through the set would still be meaningful. Its just a question of whether we should bother scheduling a friday meeting to talk about them makes sense.</p>



<a name="268027402"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268027402" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jack Huey <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268027402">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:21)</a>:</h4>
<p>Personally, I think having a sub-team own a P-high issue gives a higher probability that it gets brought up and moved forward</p>



<a name="268027425"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268027425" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268027425">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>so that seems like the kind of categorization that could be useful</p>



<a name="268027488"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268027488" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268027488">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>i.e., which P-high issues have a subteam that owns them</p>



<a name="268027491"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268027491" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268027491">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>and which do not</p>



<a name="268027518"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268027518" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jack Huey <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268027518">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>Whereas P-critical issues are those that <em>really</em> need to be moved forward quickly and needs one person at least to actively monitor it</p>



<a name="268027566"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268027566" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Wesley Wiser <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268027566">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think the categorization you alluded to earlier would be helpful and perhaps discussing the categories of issues rather than specific issues themselves would be more useful.</p>



<a name="268027948"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268027948" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jack Huey <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268027948">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>I kind of forgot that this is a planning meeting, not an issue priority meeting <span aria-label="cold sweat" class="emoji emoji-1f630" role="img" title="cold sweat">:cold_sweat:</span></p>



<a name="268028037"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268028037" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268028037">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>so here’s my current thinking: I’m willing to take the time to do the analysis here and write the doc that drives the meeting</p>



<a name="268028117"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268028117" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268028117">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>I suspect I want/need more than next week to do it</p>



<a name="268028167"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268028167" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268028167">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>and I kind of would like a partner who will at least be there for me to bounce ideas off of, and read the doc, etc</p>



<a name="268028172"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268028172" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jack Huey <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268028172">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>If we do want to assign P-high issues to sub-teams, that might be a decent meeting</p>



<a name="268028222"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268028222" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268028222">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:27)</a>:</h4>
<p>yes I think that could be good outcome</p>



<a name="268028230"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268028230" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jack Huey <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268028230">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:27)</a>:</h4>
<p>I can help async for sure</p>



<a name="268028246"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268028246" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Wesley Wiser <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268028246">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:27)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="116083">pnkfelix</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14/near/268028167">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>and I kind of would like a partner who will at least be there for me to bounce ideas off of, and read the doc, etc</p>
</blockquote>
<p>I'd be happy to schedule some time for that !</p>



<a name="268028264"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268028264" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268028264">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:27)</a>:</h4>
<p>and to have concrete knowledge of which issues (or just how many) do not have a subteam</p>



<a name="268028270"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268028270" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jack Huey <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268028270">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:27)</a>:</h4>
<p>Maybe sync if we can schedule it</p>



<a name="268028328"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268028328" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268028328">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:27)</a>:</h4>
<p>Okay. When is best for us to aim to have this ready by? January 28th, or February 4th?</p>



<a name="268028461"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268028461" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268028461">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:28)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="125250">Wesley Wiser</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14/near/268025081">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="116083">pnkfelix</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14/near/268024761">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>in addition, I think we’ve talked about trying to pre-allocate time to deal with backport nominations, or even beta regressions in general rather</p>
</blockquote>
<p>The next release is Feb 24, so we should consider scheduling time on Feb 4 or Feb 11 for that.</p>
</blockquote>
<p>keeping this in mind, I think we should allocate Feb 4th for regression/backport status review</p>



<a name="268028491"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268028491" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268028491">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>and I’d like to have the P-high status review on January 28th.</p>



<a name="268028501"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268028501" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Esteban Küber <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268028501">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:29)</a>:</h4>
<p>Feel free to include me if you so desire</p>



<a name="268028509"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268028509" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268028509">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:29)</a>:</h4>
<p>great</p>



<a name="268028520"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268028520" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Wesley Wiser <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268028520">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:29)</a>:</h4>
<p>Do you think two weeks is enough time?</p>



<a name="268028540"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268028540" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268028540">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:29)</a>:</h4>
<p>If its not, then we’ll cancel</p>



<a name="268028556"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268028556" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268028556">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:29)</a>:</h4>
<p>I’m okay with that</p>



<a name="268028701"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268028701" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268028701">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:30)</a>:</h4>
<p>(i’m also still planning to carve out time to work on perf.rlo UX changes.)</p>



<a name="268028749"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268028749" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268028749">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:30)</a>:</h4>
<p>(but that’s not a design meeting issue. I’m just talking about loud, trying to keep myself honest about my plans)</p>



<a name="268028911"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268028911" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268028911">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:31)</a>:</h4>
<p>Are people cool with this plan then? </p>
<ul>
<li>January 28th: P-high bonfire</li>
<li>February 4th: beta regression/backport status review</li>
</ul>
<p>And is there anything else anyone wants to bring up?</p>



<a name="268028943"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268028943" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Wesley Wiser <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268028943">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:31)</a>:</h4>
<p>That seems fine.</p>



<a name="268028948"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268028948" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268028948">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:31)</a>:</h4>
<p>If everyone is good with that plan, then I’ll draft a blog post.</p>



<a name="268029064"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268029064" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268029064">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:32)</a>:</h4>
<p>if all is well, I’m good with ending the meeting early (i’ve got some child care stuff to take care of).</p>



<a name="268029099"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268029099" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Wesley Wiser <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268029099">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:32)</a>:</h4>
<p>I've thinking it would be good to try to set some compiler team goals for 2022. But I think the first step there is some kind of survey or something where we can ask what team members are interested in working on this year.</p>



<a name="268029116"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268029116" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Wesley Wiser <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268029116">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>So no meeting yet.</p>



<a name="268029157"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268029157" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268029157">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>Oh yes, that would be a good idea. Maybe we should figure out a survey soon, and try to get results in time for the next planning meeting?</p>



<a name="268029193"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268029193" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268029193">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>that’s a really good idea. <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="125250">@Wesley Wiser</span> do you want to own coming up with survey Q’s?</p>



<a name="268029217"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268029217" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Wesley Wiser <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268029217">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:34)</a>:</h4>
<p>Sure!</p>



<a name="268029285"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268029285" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268029285">(Jan 14 2022 at 15:34)</a>:</h4>
<p>Okay. I’m going to step away. Thanks to everyone in <span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="897">@T-compiler/meeting</span> for attending!</p>



<a name="268610391"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268610391" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> apiraino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268610391">(Jan 19 2022 at 22:05)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="116083">pnkfelix</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14/near/268025783">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>we certainly could also <em>attempt</em> to review a broader set of tickets to try to confirm if the priorities are accurate</p>
</blockquote>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="119031">Esteban Küber</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14/near/268026025">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>We're also assuming that tickets are properly labelled in the first place <span aria-label="eyes" class="emoji emoji-1f440" role="img" title="eyes">:eyes:</span></p>
</blockquote>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116083">@pnkfelix</span>  These are two reasons why ....</p>



<a name="268610413"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268610413" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> apiraino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268610413">(Jan 19 2022 at 22:05)</a>:</h4>
<blockquote>
<p>and I’d like to have the P-high status review on January 28th.</p>
</blockquote>
<p>... I'd like to participate to this advanced triaging meeting (if possible and not an organization burden). I see a lot of room for improvement on my end when trying to prioritize regressions (often times I don't have the context to really provide a balanced judgement).</p>



<a name="268610593"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268610593" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> apiraino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268610593">(Jan 19 2022 at 22:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>I may give notice also in wg-prioritization group (maybe someone there might be interested, just my guess).</p>



<a name="268613347"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268613347" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268613347">(Jan 19 2022 at 22:32)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="250987">@apiraino</span> you mean you want to be part of the friday meeting? or do you mean part of the document being prepared <em>for</em> that friday meeting?</p>



<a name="268613589"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268613589" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> apiraino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268613589">(Jan 19 2022 at 22:34)</a>:</h4>
<p>The meeting. To listen to your comments about the issues <br>
(if I have time I will read also the document but that's all I can afford to do in terms of time available)</p>



<a name="268613657"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268613657" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> apiraino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268613657">(Jan 19 2022 at 22:35)</a>:</h4>
<p>(the doc. will be prepared asynchronously before the meeting - right?)</p>



<a name="268613675"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268613675" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268613675">(Jan 19 2022 at 22:35)</a>:</h4>
<p>yes, I started working on it (or at least some analysis) today</p>



<a name="268810614"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268810614" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> inquisitivecrystal <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268810614">(Jan 21 2022 at 08:45)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="116083">pnkfelix</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14/near/268027056">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>In some ways, my attempt to schedule this meeting is me <em>assuming</em> that 1. the definitions in that forge link are accurate and 2. the P-labels are semi-accurate</p>
</blockquote>
<p>I'll post some thoughts I have (purely my own perspective, of course). It might also be worthwhile bringing in more of wg-prioritization for discussions about this. I have the highest confidence in apiraino, our lead, more perspectives can hardly hurt.</p>
<p>Generally, each prioritization is commented on by multiple members of the WG. The prioritization that results is a consensus of those that comment. However, we don't really... look at a criteria sheet? I'm pretty sure I've read that at some point in the past, but I don't know the last time I looked at it personally. In practice, discussions are more subjective than that, so one thing a few members have been concerned about is that we could be vulnerable to drift over time.</p>
<p>That being said, I think our prioritization are generally reasonable, and that our use of <code>P-critical</code> more or less aligns with those criteria, though we are probably a bit more restrictive. For instance, an ICE on invalid code is never assigned a <code>P-critical</code>, even if there's no meaningful error. <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/91206">#91206</a>, which is about the most common imaginable such ICE, only got <code>P-high</code>. <code>P-medium</code> would be the norm. </p>
<p>There are also a bunch of factors we consider that go beyond what's on that sheet. For instance, that classification doesn't describe how to deal with performance regressions. The way a performance regression needs to be handled depends greatly on the size of the regression. There are cases where we see regressions that are so bad the code may as well not compile at all, but it's not clear where the cutoff for that is. Additionally, for platform specific problems, we often consider the tier of the platform.</p>
<p>I'd personally kind of like to see a more comprehensive review where both T-compiler and WG-prioritization are involved, and issues of all prioritizations are sampled. Something explicitly focused on ensuring that prioritizations are accurate and useful across the board, beyond just assigning <code>P-high</code> issues. We could make sure that the criteria we use match up with what T-compiler wants, and then update the written documentation to match what we use in practice. That's just an idea I had though, and I in no way speak for the WG, nor have I previously discussed this this with anyone else on it.</p>



<a name="268810822"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268810822" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> inquisitivecrystal <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268810822">(Jan 21 2022 at 08:47)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm not sure I said what I wanted to say well. I felt like I had to post some version of that sooner or later if I ever wanted to communicate my thoughts though.</p>



<a name="268847034"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-01-14/near/268847034" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-01-14.html#268847034">(Jan 21 2022 at 14:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>I definitely appreciate the writeup</p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 20:01 UTC</p>
</html>