<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>[planning meeting] 2022-04-08 · t-compiler/meetings · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/index.html">t-compiler/meetings</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html">[planning meeting] 2022-04-08</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="278308502"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278308502" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278308502">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>hi <span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="897">@T-compiler/meeting</span> ; its time for our planning meeting for the April 2022 cycle</p>



<a name="278308643"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278308643" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278308643">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>before we get started, are there any announcements that anyone wants to share? Feel free to jot them down while I go get the link ready. :)</p>



<a name="278308682"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278308682" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278308682">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>oh, I wanted to file an issue about salsa stuff</p>



<a name="278308703"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278308703" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278308703">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>as a possible design meeting</p>



<a name="278308756"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278308756" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278308756">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>I have an anouncement of sorts: at ETAPS last week, I talked a lot with <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="312719">@Xavier Denis</span>, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116109">@Vytautas Astrauskas [he/him]</span>, and some other folks building Rust verifiers</p>



<a name="278308790"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278308790" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278308790">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>we were talking about minimal changes to rustc that would make their lives way easier</p>



<a name="278308805"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278308805" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278308805">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>so expect some proposals in that direction</p>



<a name="278308817"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278308817" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278308817">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>there are some amazing hacks out there</p>



<a name="278308901"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278308901" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278308901">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>one project, which will go unnamed, needs to use typing information (currently, at least) as part of its desugaring, so it does this:</p>
<ul>
<li>start the compiler in one thread, block it on a mutex after type-checking</li>
<li>start another compiler, have it inspect the results from the first one, generate the needed code</li>
<li>unblock the original and cancel it</li>
</ul>



<a name="278308918"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278308918" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278308918">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>can't help but admire that</p>



<a name="278308951"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278308951" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278308951">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>(eliminating the need for that sort of thing is precisely what we were exploring)</p>



<a name="278309078"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278309078" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278309078">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:06)</a>:</h4>
<p>Here are the <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Ameeting-proposal+-label%3Ameeting-scheduled">unscheduled meeting proposals</a>. We have <em>four</em> this cycle.</p>



<a name="278309110"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278309110" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278309110">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>filed <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/507">https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/507</a></p>



<a name="278309113"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278309113" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278309113">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>though I guess we should be expecting a fifth from niko</p>



<a name="278309118"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278309118" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278309118">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>okay</p>



<a name="278309124"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278309124" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278309124">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>not sure if it made it into that list :)</p>



<a name="278309134"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278309134" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278309134">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>its there now</p>



<a name="278309228"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278309228" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278309228">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>so, we have: </p>
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/507">compiler-team#507</a> salsa's entity design</li>
<li><a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/506">compiler-team#506</a> compiler leadership and succession</li>
<li><a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/484">compiler-team#484</a> feature backlog bonanza</li>
<li><a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/492">compiler-team#492</a> parallel compilation support strategy</li>
<li><a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/491">compiler-team#491</a> the future of Rust incremental compilation</li>
</ul>



<a name="278309358"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278309358" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278309358">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>(sorry, hit enter too soon before. maybe I should change to the other shortcut)</p>



<a name="278309415"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278309415" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278309415">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>and we have these slots to fill: </p>
<ul>
<li>2022-04-15</li>
<li>2022-04-22</li>
<li>2022-04-29</li>
</ul>



<a name="278309430"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278309430" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278309430">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>(glancing over the types team meeting plans -- which unfortunately partially overlaps with this meeting -- the best week for salsa might be 2022-04-15; I'd have to prep a doc, but I think I can do that)</p>



<a name="278309568"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278309568" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278309568">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>so lets maybe chat first about prioritization: My guess is that the salsa meeting is probably a prereq for <em>both</em> parallel compilation discussion <em>and</em> incr-comp discussion. Niko, does that sound correct to you?</p>



<a name="278309616"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278309616" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278309616">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>actually, that's not 100% true.</p>



<a name="278309657"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278309657" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278309657">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>the parallel compilation support proposal is solely about: "Lets talk about what machine resources we want to dedicate to parallel compilation testing, and how we should try to ensure that they are testing what we think they are testing."</p>



<a name="278309694"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278309694" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278309694">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>which is really orthogonal to questions of <em>how to design parallel compilation</em></p>



<a name="278309812"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278309812" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278309812">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>true</p>



<a name="278309819"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278309819" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Wesley Wiser <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278309819">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yeah, I think salsa is a prereq to the incremental compilation meeting but not the parallel compilation support one.</p>



<a name="278309830"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278309830" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278309830">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:12)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116009">@nikomatsakis</span> I had thought the types meeting ended at <time datetime="2022-04-08T14:00:00Z">2022-04-08T10:00:00-04:00</time> ?</p>



<a name="278309849"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278309849" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278309849">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>it is scheduled for 90 minutes</p>



<a name="278309862"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278309862" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278309862">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:12)</a>:</h4>
<p><em>oh</em></p>



<a name="278309867"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278309867" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278309867">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>or at least we like to allow 90 for deeper topics</p>



<a name="278309891"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278309891" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278309891">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>that <em>is</em> unfortunate</p>



<a name="278309896"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278309896" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278309896">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>that said, I think I can make whatever work</p>



<a name="278309936"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278309936" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278309936">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>we can also reschedule though. We have held steering meetings at non-standard times</p>



<a name="278309950"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278309950" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278309950">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>(we can do 60 that day)</p>



<a name="278309961"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278309961" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278309961">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>oh, that works too</p>



<a name="278310092"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278310092" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278310092">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'd say just schedule it for whenever works best and I'll figure it out</p>



<a name="278310207"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278310207" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278310207">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:15)</a>:</h4>
<p>so given that we expect the incr-comp meeting to depend on the salsa meeting, my first question is: <em>can</em> we hope to do an incr-comp meeting in this cycle? Will we have enough time to prepare a proper doc after the salsa meeting?</p>



<a name="278310270"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278310270" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278310270">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:15)</a>:</h4>
<p>I <em>would</em> like to keep the inertia going from the past incr-comp meeting we had in the last cycle</p>



<a name="278310381"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278310381" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278310381">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>sounds like doing salsa next week would make that maximally possible</p>



<a name="278310441"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278310441" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278310441">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>also, I'm a little nervous that we don't have that many stakeholders here in this planning meeting, based on the <span aria-label="wave" class="emoji emoji-1f44b" role="img" title="wave">:wave:</span> 's I see on the first message</p>



<a name="278310517"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278310517" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278310517">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>i.e. I don't know if <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="124287">@mw</span> or <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="125294">@Aaron Hill</span> are available to help work on an incr-comp doc. (But maybe someone else could help drive that.)</p>



<a name="278310693"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278310693" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Vincenzo Palazzo <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278310693">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:18)</a>:</h4>
<p>hello guys sorry for delay!</p>



<a name="278310847"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278310847" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Wesley Wiser <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278310847">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:19)</a>:</h4>
<p>I could probably work with <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="124287">@mw</span> on an incr-comp document. I guess you're thinking the incremental meeting would be in 2-3 weeks?</p>



<a name="278310956"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278310956" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278310956">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>yeah I'm thinking we'd have the incr-comp meeting, at the earliest, in the 2022-04-29 slot</p>



<a name="278311138"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278311138" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278311138">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:21)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hi there <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="492566">@Vincenzo Palazzo</span> ; since I know you're new to the project, I'll just take a moment to fill you in: We (the compiler team) have so-called "Steering meetings" every friday</p>



<a name="278311160"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278311160" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278311160">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:21)</a>:</h4>
<p>where we can pick a topic and do a deep dive into it for an hour</p>



<a name="278311275"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278311275" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278311275">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>and every four weeks, we dedicate one of those steering meeting slots for a "planning meeting" where we decide on the topics for the next three successive weekly steering meetings</p>



<a name="278311356"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278311356" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Vincenzo Palazzo <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278311356">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:23)</a>:</h4>
<p>yeah i start to see :) thanks to update me</p>



<a name="278311466"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278311466" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278311466">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:23)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116009">@nikomatsakis</span> do you think you can get a salsa doc ready by 2022-04-15? Or would you prefer an extra week?</p>



<a name="278311475"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278311475" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278311475">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:23)</a>:</h4>
<p>I can</p>



<a name="278311489"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278311489" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278311489">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:23)</a>:</h4>
<p>I want to do it anyway for other reasons</p>



<a name="278311547"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278311547" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278311547">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:24)</a>:</h4>
<p>(trying to bootstrap more contributors there and having this doc would be useful for that)</p>



<a name="278311638"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278311638" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278311638">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:24)</a>:</h4>
<p>Okay. I think that would be ideal; if we delayed it to 2022-04-22, then I'd probably still ask <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="124287">@mw</span> / <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="125250">@Wesley Wiser</span> to try to do an early round of private discussion with you so that they could get started on their doc</p>



<a name="278311662"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278311662" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278311662">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:24)</a>:</h4>
<p>but if its on 2022-04-15, then that's not necessary</p>



<a name="278311712"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278311712" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278311712">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>so right now we're looking at this plan:</p>



<a name="278311775"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278311775" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278311775">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:25)</a>:</h4>
<ul>
<li>2022-04-15: <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/507">compiler-team#507</a> salsa's entity design</li>
<li>2022-04-22: unfilled</li>
<li>2022-04-29: <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/491">compiler-team#491</a> the future of Rust incremental compilation</li>
</ul>



<a name="278311886"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278311886" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278311886">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>and we have the following proposals to fill the remaining slot:</p>
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/506">compiler-team#506</a> compiler leadership and succession</li>
<li><a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/484">compiler-team#484</a> feature backlog bonanza</li>
<li><a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/492">compiler-team#492</a> parallel compilation support strategy</li>
</ul>



<a name="278311976"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278311976" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278311976">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:27)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm not yet certain we <em>need</em> a steering meeting on leadership and succession. But I don't particularly feel like the other two items are higher priority either</p>



<a name="278312054"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278312054" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278312054">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:27)</a>:</h4>
<p>or rather, I do <em>want</em> to give everyone a chance to talk about the leadership doc that I put out (via email, to the compiler-team and now also to the compiler-contributors email list)</p>



<a name="278312148"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278312148" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jack Huey <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278312148">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>We did a backlog bonanza last month, right? That can wait I think.</p>



<a name="278312190"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278312190" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278312190">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>okay. I feel better having you say that instead of me. :)</p>



<a name="278312223"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278312223" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Wesley Wiser <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278312223">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>I would kind of like to get <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/492">compiler-team#492</a> parallel compilation support strategy taken care of but I wonder if we need a full hour for that?</p>



<a name="278312281"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278312281" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278312281">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:29)</a>:</h4>
<p>hmm. That's an idea: We could schedule 30 min for leadership doc discussion, and 30 minutes for parallel compilation support discussion...</p>



<a name="278312310"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278312310" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Wesley Wiser <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278312310">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:29)</a>:</h4>
<p>Like, my gut reaction reading the issue is "yes, we should be testing that".</p>



<a name="278312323"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278312323" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278312323">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:29)</a>:</h4>
<p>I would probably have to par down the leadership doc into something shorter so that it could be read in a more reasonable time to fit into a 30 minute discussion meeting</p>



<a name="278312438"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278312438" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Wesley Wiser <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278312438">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:30)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think the leadership doc should get a full hour if we want to make sure people have a chance to read &amp; talk about it.</p>



<a name="278312531"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278312531" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278312531">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:30)</a>:</h4>
<p>and likewise, the incr-comp doc will probably need a full hour too, based on how the last meeting went</p>



<a name="278312824"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278312824" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278312824">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm trying to figure out if we should do a separate one-off meeting for parallel compilation support</p>



<a name="278312880"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278312880" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278312880">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>like, I'm having a hard time deciding how much it will benefit from trying to get full engagement, versus trying to identify the most important stakeholders and just talk directly to them...?</p>



<a name="278312899"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278312899" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Wesley Wiser <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278312899">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:33)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116113">@lqd</span> are you around?</p>



<a name="278312923"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278312923" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> lqd <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278312923">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>I am</p>



<a name="278313061"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278313061" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278313061">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:34)</a>:</h4>
<p>maybe we can have a chat with the participants on the <a class="stream" data-stream-id="247081" href="/#narrow/stream/247081-t-compiler.2Fperformance">#t-compiler/performance</a> stream to plan a one-off meeting regarding parallel compilation, rather than making it a T-compiler steering meeting thing?</p>



<a name="278313076"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278313076" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> lqd <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278313076">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:34)</a>:</h4>
<p>I could prepare some summary of the issues I saw with parallel compilation if that would help</p>



<a name="278313113"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278313113" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278313113">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:35)</a>:</h4>
<p>The issue I think we're wrestling with, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116113">@lqd</span> , is scheduling. :)</p>



<a name="278313143"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278313143" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278313143">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:35)</a>:</h4>
<p>like, of human beings time. Not of parallel processing time.</p>



<a name="278313174"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278313174" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> lqd <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278313174">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:35)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'd be available anytime if need be</p>



<a name="278313223"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278313223" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278313223">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:36)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="125250">@Wesley Wiser</span> What do you think? Does this deserve a steering meeting slot?</p>



<a name="278313267"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278313267" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> lqd <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278313267">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>and maybe if it's not worth a full hour like you said, maybe having half parallel compilation issues and half backlog bonanza could work ?</p>



<a name="278313277"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278313277" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278313277">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>because the obvious thing is for me to just leave the leadership discussion to the next cycle.</p>



<a name="278313284"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278313284" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Wesley Wiser <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278313284">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm guess I'm just a little unclear what the scope of the meeting is.</p>



<a name="278313311"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278313311" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Wesley Wiser <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278313311">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>The proposal specifically mentions that CI doesn't really seem to be testing it much.</p>



<a name="278313373"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278313373" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Wesley Wiser <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278313373">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:37)</a>:</h4>
<p>Is that the only topic for the meeting or is this intended to be a more general discussion of parallel compilation as well?</p>



<a name="278313464"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278313464" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Wesley Wiser <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278313464">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:37)</a>:</h4>
<p>If it's the former, it seems like we should just resolve that, I don't know that we need a steering meeting to take action there.</p>



<a name="278313513"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278313513" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Wesley Wiser <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278313513">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:37)</a>:</h4>
<p>For the latter, a steering meeting absolutely makes sense!</p>



<a name="278313516"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278313516" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278313516">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:37)</a>:</h4>
<p>yeah okay</p>



<a name="278313599"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278313599" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278313599">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:38)</a>:</h4>
<p>for <em>this</em> proposal, <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/492">compiler-team#492</a>, we can probably take action without a steering meeting</p>



<a name="278313686"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278313686" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278313686">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>and while we may indeed <em>want</em> a more general discussion of parallel compilation, that is not what is currently on the table. And I rather like the model of "if you want it discussed, you have to post a proposal."</p>



<a name="278313753"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278313753" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278313753">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>(even if it is a proposal you post within the first ten minutes of the planning meeting.)</p>



<a name="278313898"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278313898" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278313898">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:40)</a>:</h4>
<p>So, okay then: Lets aim for leadership meeting on 2022-04-22. And if it <em>doesn't</em> take up the full hour, then we can backfill the remainder with backlog bonanza?</p>



<a name="278313912"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278313912" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278313912">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:40)</a>:</h4>
<p>Does that sound good to people?</p>



<a name="278314110"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278314110" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278314110">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:42)</a>:</h4>
<p>So, final schedule then: </p>
<ul>
<li>2022-04-15: <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/507">compiler-team#507</a> salsa's entity design (nikomatsakis)</li>
<li>2022-04-22: <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/506">compiler-team#506</a> compiler leadership and succession (pnkfelix)<ul>
<li>potentially followed by <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/484">compiler-team#484</a> feature backlog bonanza (jack huey, pnkfelix)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>2022-04-29: <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/491">compiler-team#491</a> the future of Rust incremental compilation (wesley wiser, mw)</li>
</ul>



<a name="278314172"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278314172" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278314172">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:42)</a>:</h4>
<p>oh and let me add owners; <em>there, done</em></p>



<a name="278314187"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278314187" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> lqd <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278314187">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:42)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="125250">Wesley Wiser</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08/near/278313464">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>If it's the former, it seems like we should just resolve that</p>
</blockquote>
<p>I guess this can go multiple ways: testing it more on CI will require fixing the parallel-compiler ICEs first; or the parallel-compiler support could be removed altogether, but that would be a different meeting topic from <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/492">compiler-team#492</a></p>



<a name="278314373"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278314373" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278314373">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:44)</a>:</h4>
<p>Okay then, I think we have our marching orders! I need to go eat something, so lets enjoy the 15 minutes we're getting back.</p>



<a name="278314450"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278314450" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278314450">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:45)</a>:</h4>
<p>thanks for attending, everyone in <span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="897">@T-compiler/meeting</span> ! (and, welcome to <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="492566">@Vincenzo Palazzo</span> ; let us know if you need guidance about how to get yourself started or if you hit any roadblocks.)</p>



<a name="278314627"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278314627" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Vincenzo Palazzo <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278314627">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:46)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116083">@pnkfelix</span> Oh I think a giudance can be very helpful to speed up my onboarding process, so if there is any opportunity I will be interested in this</p>



<a name="278316305"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/%5Bplanning%20meeting%5D%202022-04-08/near/278316305" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08.html#278316305">(Apr 08 2022 at 14:57)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="492566">Vincenzo Palazzo</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bplanning.20meeting.5D.202022-04-08/near/278314627">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="116083">pnkfelix</span> Oh I think a giudance can be very helpful to speed up my onboarding process, so if there is any opportunity I will be interested in this</p>
</blockquote>
<p>okay; I made a fresh topic under <a class="stream-topic" data-stream-id="182449" href="/#narrow/stream/182449-t-compiler.2Fhelp/topic/guidance.20getting.20started">#t-compiler/help &gt; guidance getting started</a> to follow through on this.</p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 20:01 UTC</p>
</html>