<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>Meeting section on legal questions · t-compiler/meetings · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/index.html">t-compiler/meetings</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/Meeting.20section.20on.20legal.20questions.html">Meeting section on legal questions</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="256407093"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/Meeting%20section%20on%20legal%20questions/near/256407093" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> rylev <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/Meeting.20section.20on.20legal.20questions.html#256407093">(Oct 06 2021 at 13:05)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116083">@pnkfelix</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="125250">@Wesley Wiser</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="250987">@apiraino</span> I've been having some discussions with folks on core/the foundation/etc. about some of the various legal questions the project needs to wrestle with (e.g., <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/88991">the Nintendo Switch target</a>), and one thing came to my mind was adding a small prompt in the compiler triage meeting to encourage anyone who has seen anything that _might_ pose legal questions to bring it up so that it can be brought to the attention of the foundation legal team. This would encourage a "when in doubt, report" type mentality. Any thoughts?</p>



<a name="256412590"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/Meeting%20section%20on%20legal%20questions/near/256412590" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Wesley Wiser <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/Meeting.20section.20on.20legal.20questions.html#256412590">(Oct 06 2021 at 13:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>+1 from me. Seems like it could be part of the announcements section at the start of the meeting potentially.</p>



<a name="256417248"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/Meeting%20section%20on%20legal%20questions/near/256417248" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/Meeting.20section.20on.20legal.20questions.html#256417248">(Oct 06 2021 at 14:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>sure, I’m good with that being on the template.</p>



<a name="256417298"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/Meeting%20section%20on%20legal%20questions/near/256417298" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/Meeting.20section.20on.20legal.20questions.html#256417298">(Oct 06 2021 at 14:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>Though should such questions be raised in the publically posted meeting, or should they be privately sent?</p>



<a name="256426503"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/Meeting%20section%20on%20legal%20questions/near/256426503" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> rylev <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/Meeting.20section.20on.20legal.20questions.html#256426503">(Oct 06 2021 at 15:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think the idea would just be flagging public things are being potentially relevant from a legal perspective. There wouldn't be any discussion on the actual matter itself, that would all happen in an email to the foundation</p>



<a name="256426577"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/Meeting%20section%20on%20legal%20questions/near/256426577" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> rylev <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/Meeting.20section.20on.20legal.20questions.html#256426577">(Oct 06 2021 at 15:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>In a sense this is sort of a top of the funnel and is just meant for encouraging items to be brought to the attention of legal</p>



<a name="256538791"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/Meeting%20section%20on%20legal%20questions/near/256538791" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> apiraino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/Meeting.20section.20on.20legal.20questions.html#256538791">(Oct 07 2021 at 08:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>I understand the concern and totally agree with including it in the "Announcements" or in any section that fits the topic. I was even thinking that a <code>I-nominate</code> flag could do the job to bring this to the T-compiler attention and then be forwarded to whom it may concern.</p>



<a name="257670300"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/Meeting%20section%20on%20legal%20questions/near/257670300" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/Meeting.20section.20on.20legal.20questions.html#257670300">(Oct 15 2021 at 09:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>shoot, I forgot to state this reminder at yesteday’s meeting. <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="250987">@apiraino</span> , when you get a chance, can you add it to the templat e that drives the agenda generation each week?</p>



<a name="257680562"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/Meeting%20section%20on%20legal%20questions/near/257680562" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> apiraino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/Meeting.20section.20on.20legal.20questions.html#257680562">(Oct 15 2021 at 11:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok, will do. And perhaps then I will ask for a review of the wording, i'm not 100% about it :-)</p>



<a name="257685685"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/Meeting%20section%20on%20legal%20questions/near/257685685" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> apiraino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/Meeting.20section.20on.20legal.20questions.html#257685685">(Oct 15 2021 at 11:57)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok added in the "Announcements"<br>
<a href="https://hackmd.io/WQW0yzDDS16YvtBNurmj6A?view">https://hackmd.io/WQW0yzDDS16YvtBNurmj6A?view</a></p>
<p>Is it ok to frame this specifically to "compiler targets legal questions" or more generically "legal questions about ..."?</p>



<a name="257694882"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/Meeting%20section%20on%20legal%20questions/near/257694882" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/Meeting.20section.20on.20legal.20questions.html#257694882">(Oct 15 2021 at 13:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think its broader than compiler targets</p>



<a name="257694917"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/Meeting%20section%20on%20legal%20questions/near/257694917" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/Meeting.20section.20on.20legal.20questions.html#257694917">(Oct 15 2021 at 13:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>e.g. we’d want to remind people to get support if they have questions about copyright</p>



<a name="257695027"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/Meeting%20section%20on%20legal%20questions/near/257695027" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/Meeting.20section.20on.20legal.20questions.html#257695027">(Oct 15 2021 at 13:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>(which is an existing/on-going concern; see e.g. <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/63232">#63232</a> )</p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 20:01 UTC</p>
</html>