<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>Suggestions to improve the weekly meeting agenda? · t-compiler/meetings · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/index.html">t-compiler/meetings</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/Suggestions.20to.20improve.20the.20weekly.20meeting.20agenda.3F.html">Suggestions to improve the weekly meeting agenda?</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="214079271"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/Suggestions%20to%20improve%20the%20weekly%20meeting%20agenda%3F/near/214079271" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> apiraino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/Suggestions.20to.20improve.20the.20weekly.20meeting.20agenda.3F.html#214079271">(Oct 21 2020 at 16:46)</a>:</h4>
<p>Dear team <span aria-label="wave" class="emoji emoji-1f44b" role="img" title="wave">:wave:</span> </p>
<p>we at the <code>@*WG-prioritization*</code> would like to understand if the agenda template needs improvements. From time to time we change small details based on our ideas, but we're not sure if our changes really help or if the agenda needs improvements at all. So, in order to work more "on specs" and less on "sentiment", we ask you if after the next meeting (no rush, when time allows) you can provide an actionable feedback on what would you like to see improved in the agenda that <span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="116083">pnkfelix</span> copy-pastes each week.</p>



<a name="214079294"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/Suggestions%20to%20improve%20the%20weekly%20meeting%20agenda%3F/near/214079294" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> apiraino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/Suggestions.20to.20improve.20the.20weekly.20meeting.20agenda.3F.html#214079294">(Oct 21 2020 at 16:46)</a>:</h4>
<p>In particular, we are curious to understand if:</p>
<ul>
<li>are issue summaries (the manual part we do each week) effective to give you the proper context? or too verbose? or something else?</li>
<li>any section that is not useful and can be removed?</li>
<li>a section that is now missing you would like to see?</li>
</ul>
<p>Example: Niko last week noted that we were missing the RFCs nominated for discussion so from this week they're included.</p>
<p>Of course, no feedback means that everything is fine as it is right now <span aria-label="thumbs up" class="emoji emoji-1f44d" role="img" title="thumbs up">:thumbs_up:</span></p>
<p>Thanks!</p>



<a name="214079324"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/Suggestions%20to%20improve%20the%20weekly%20meeting%20agenda%3F/near/214079324" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> apiraino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/Suggestions.20to.20improve.20the.20weekly.20meeting.20agenda.3F.html#214079324">(Oct 21 2020 at 16:46)</a>:</h4>
<p>cc: <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116266">@Santiago Pastorino</span></p>



<a name="214086039"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/Suggestions%20to%20improve%20the%20weekly%20meeting%20agenda%3F/near/214086039" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> oli <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/Suggestions.20to.20improve.20the.20weekly.20meeting.20agenda.3F.html#214086039">(Oct 21 2020 at 17:30)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm absolutely glad about these summaries. IMO there doesn't need to be more details, I click through the link if I need more info</p>



<a name="214189113"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/Suggestions%20to%20improve%20the%20weekly%20meeting%20agenda%3F/near/214189113" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/238009-t-compiler/meetings/topic/Suggestions.20to.20improve.20the.20weekly.20meeting.20agenda.3F.html#214189113">(Oct 22 2020 at 13:48)</a>:</h4>
<p>One improvement I can suggest based on a review of today's agenda: I think its useful, in the beta-nom list, to include for each PR its status: Whether it has landed in nightly, or not landed but r+'ed , or not even r+'ed. Also, its useful to separately point out if there is evidence of the PR being contentious from its comment thread.</p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 20:01 UTC</p>
</html>