[
    {
        "content": "<p>Hey folks! So in principle we need a lang team liaison. I'm not sure who that should be -- I think we should clarify how much of a role we really expect to need. I'd be ok with being someone that can be pinged when stuff arises, and we will typically do monthyl check-ins on progress, but I don't think I can offer much in the way of following along with threads or discussions.</p>",
        "id": 232457338,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1617122481
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Are there other <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"1977\">@T-lang</span> folks who would be interested in doing more?</p>",
        "id": 232457353,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1617122490
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> Given recent discussions about the liaison role, it seems worth confirming: does this need to be a <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"1977\">@T-lang</span> member, or could we potentially have someone else fill the role and provide semi-regular updates for us?</p>",
        "id": 232457604,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1617122580
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, I was thinking about that too.</p>",
        "id": 232457635,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1617122599
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't know :)</p>",
        "id": 232457683,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1617122624
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I've been debating in my head how liaisons fit into the proposed alternative structure, but I still think it largely makes sense that every active lang team project should have <em>somebody</em> who is supposed to be the rep from the lang team proper, though I think that rep doesn't necessarily have to be super active in the discussions.</p>",
        "id": 232457816,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1617122675
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Liaison != lead, in other words</p>",
        "id": 232457833,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1617122689
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We should take this to another thread rather than the one specific to this project.</p>",
        "id": 232475723,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Triplett",
        "timestamp": 1617129624
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Agreed</p>",
        "id": 232477307,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1617130208
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Has there been an official liason assigned yet? If so, should they be included in the project-group team file?</p>",
        "id": 245951363,
        "sender_full_name": "Connor Horman",
        "timestamp": 1626264954
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>No, and yes!</p>",
        "id": 246134973,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1626373198
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think I'd be willing to liaison this</p>",
        "id": 246135008,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1626373205
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Though it might be better to find someone else</p>",
        "id": 246135066,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1626373226
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Josh and I were planning to do a meeting and go over projects and things</p>",
        "id": 246135095,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1626373238
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Note that per the initiative process, this would be in the <em>Experimentation</em> phase, which means it's fine to land code, though we want to mark the feature gate as experimental</p>",
        "id": 246135157,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1626373269
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/281601-project-deref-patterns/topic/liaison/near/246135008\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I think I'd be willing to liaison this</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Alright. Until it's resolved, should I just list you in members/leads for the project-group file?</p>",
        "id": 246167850,
        "sender_full_name": "Connor Horman",
        "timestamp": 1626390926
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"257758\">@Connor Horman</span> Yes. That implies that we should setup a monthly meeting :)</p>",
        "id": 246206127,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1626430742
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The other question is who is the owner</p>",
        "id": 246206142,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1626430756
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I am assuming that you are interested, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"257758\">@Connor Horman</span>?</p>",
        "id": 246206149,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1626430762
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>If so, I'd like to touch base on that at some point, to talk through the role</p>",
        "id": 246206168,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1626430786
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yes, I can probably take that role.</p>",
        "id": 246206235,
        "sender_full_name": "Connor Horman",
        "timestamp": 1626430818
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(One of the things I want to do is to be intentional and careful about who we pick for owners, since the new process gives some substantial weight to the role)</p>",
        "id": 246206236,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1626430818
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Update here: after discussing with <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span>, I've assigned myself as lang team liason on this issue. Please feel free to message me with any questions or let me know if there're other ways I can assist with progress here! I'll do my best to stay up-to-date with the discussion and will plan to check-in every once in a while. Thanks for all y'all's efforts to get this feature going! I'm excited for this improvement to pattern-matching :)</p>",
        "id": 265214220,
        "sender_full_name": "Taylor Cramer",
        "timestamp": 1639686207
    }
]