[
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"2403\">@WG-prioritization</span> we will be starting our meeting in ~ 24 mins</p>",
        "id": 203149847,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594150596
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"2403\">@WG-prioritization</span> <span aria-label=\"wave\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44b\" role=\"img\" title=\"wave\">:wave:</span> everyone, please add a <span aria-label=\"wave\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44b\" role=\"img\" title=\"wave\">:wave:</span> so we can all know who is participating in the meeting</p>",
        "id": 203195589,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594152044
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>as a way to start this meeting I guess we can comment quickly some things that have happened since last meeting</p>",
        "id": 203195686,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594152100
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>first of all I've re-worked a bit our set of documents, the idea would be to try to get rid of most of them</p>",
        "id": 203195778,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594152143
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>an important one for this moment is the <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/LZsUQsK3T3yIc4KW81ungw\">Check-ins document</a></p>",
        "id": 203195801,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594152159
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>which has the things that have happened, but it's possible that something is lacking</p>",
        "id": 203195822,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594152177
    },
    {
        "content": "<h2>Current</h2>\n<ul>\n<li>We have a repo for the working group <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team-prioritization/\">https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team-prioritization/</a> and we are mainly handling our todo list as issues there.</li>\n<li>Our procedure automation cli is complete now but we still need to integrate with the Zulip bot.</li>\n<li>We have added Pre-FCP and FCP information to the announcements.</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 203195845,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594152185
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>all that are things that happened since our last meeting so <span aria-label=\"+1\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44d\" role=\"img\" title=\"+1\">:+1:</span></p>",
        "id": 203195904,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594152215
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but there's more I think</p>",
        "id": 203195912,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594152219
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if I remember correctly <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"218578\">@o0Ignition0o - Jeremy Lempereur</span> opened a PR with the priority levels</p>",
        "id": 203195949,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594152239
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"250987\">@apiraino</span> opened 2 PRs, one to document triagebot and another to document our procedure, which would replace <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/WJ0G17DHTHGgv0OW9I2PxA\">this document</a></p>",
        "id": 203196220,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594152362
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>also we've moved all of our issues to github</p>",
        "id": 203196350,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594152431
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team-prioritization/issues\">https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team-prioritization/issues</a></p>",
        "id": 203196370,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594152445
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>do someone else have some other status update that I may have missed?</p>",
        "id": 203196392,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594152461
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>About automation, I've been working on implementing a system for handling commands in Zulip with <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"261224\">triagebot</span>. It's almost done, but it's clearly not as clean as the rest of triagebot's codebase <span aria-label=\"grinning\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f600\" role=\"img\" title=\"grinning\">:grinning:</span></p>",
        "id": 203196400,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1594152464
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/2020-07-07.20Steering.20meeting/near/203196220\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"250987\">apiraino</span> opened 2 PRs, one to document triagebot and another to document our procedure, which would replace <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/WJ0G17DHTHGgv0OW9I2PxA\">this document</a></p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>note: since one is quite a \"big\" task, instead of iterating too  much on github, we have moved the document on hackmd, then I will rebase on github when it is in better shape</p>",
        "id": 203196570,
        "sender_full_name": "apiraino",
        "timestamp": 1594152533
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok</p>",
        "id": 203196766,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594152610
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>something I want to add to the agenda, if possible: The weekly review of perf improvements/regressions</p>",
        "id": 203196879,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1594152692
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(right now its being driven pretty much solely by nick nethercote, but i think it would be good distributing that work, or at least get some other people trained in how to do it.)</p>",
        "id": 203197048,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1594152767
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think it could fit well in our async process for preparing the agenda?</p>",
        "id": 203197126,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1594152813
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes I believe that is very true</p>",
        "id": 203197136,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1594152820
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>uf</p>",
        "id": 203197145,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1594152823
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if anything, I suspect figuring out how best to drive that work asynchronously would be the main task</p>",
        "id": 203197167,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1594152839
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and it is a task that this group has become experts in</p>",
        "id": 203197218,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1594152849
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(i probably should have cc'ed <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"120989\">@njn</span> with the comment above)</p>",
        "id": 203197270,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1594152895
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that's a good idea :)</p>",
        "id": 203197349,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594152958
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess the main question is how do we organize to do so?</p>",
        "id": 203197642,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594153104
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess I'd start coordinating with <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"120989\">@njn</span> and mainly asking how can we help them?</p>",
        "id": 203197706,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594153150
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so we could either try to figure out how best to do it as a group, or one or two people could volunteer to deep dive into the question of what best to do here</p>",
        "id": 203197711,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1594153154
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah, engaging directly with <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"120989\">@njn</span> seems like a good idea</p>",
        "id": 203197735,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1594153172
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>One question I personally have is: what is expected from this \"weekly review of compiler performance\"?</p>",
        "id": 203197863,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1594153218
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>in this <a class=\"stream-topic\" data-stream-id=\"227806\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/tweak.20perf.20report.20to.20include.20issue.20numbers.20explicitly\">#t-compiler/wg-prioritization &gt; tweak perf report to include issue numbers explicitly</a> topic I was also pinging <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"120989\">njn</span> about tweaking the report</p>",
        "id": 203197866,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594153219
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess we can keep discussing with them about all this and to see how to better help there</p>",
        "id": 203197889,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594153235
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"255061\">@LeSeulArtichaut</span> my impression is that the two main goals are: 1. celebrate successes and 2. identify \"significant\" regressions so that we can decide whether to invest effort in fixing them</p>",
        "id": 203197945,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1594153276
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i think doing the checks more frequently could benefit as it would be easier to spot regressions and esp what's cuasing them</p>",
        "id": 203197950,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1594153279
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So we'd need to have performance \"stats\", analyze them, and do the work of identifying the culprits of perf regressions. Is that vaguely correct?</p>",
        "id": 203198140,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1594153377
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway, back to the issues ... <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team-prioritization/issues\">https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team-prioritization/issues</a></p>",
        "id": 203198143,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594153378
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"255061\">LeSeulArtichaut</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/2020-07-07.20Steering.20meeting/near/203198140\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>So we'd need to have performance \"stats\", analyze them, and do the work of identifying the culprits of perf regressions. Is that vaguely correct?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>yeah I think so, not only about regressions but also about perf wins</p>",
        "id": 203198224,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594153419
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>what I think is hard is to split this task to be honest</p>",
        "id": 203198291,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594153452
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'd just end looking at the entire week commits and see what has happened, so basically doing the same work <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"120989\">njn</span> is doing</p>",
        "id": 203198372,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594153501
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/2020-07-07.20Steering.20meeting/near/203198291\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>what I think is hard is to split this task to be honest</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>We can at least do a rotation, e.g. that person does the perf report for that week</p>",
        "id": 203198401,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1594153514
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway, it may be good because we can come up with things that <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"120989\">njn</span>  may have missed</p>",
        "id": 203198415,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594153517
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/2020-07-07.20Steering.20meeting/near/203198372\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I'd just end looking at the entire week commits and see what has happened, so basically doing the same work <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"120989\">njn</span> is doing</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>yeah, its not 100% clear whether you can break up the work and paralllelize it</p>",
        "id": 203198461,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1594153550
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"255061\">LeSeulArtichaut</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/2020-07-07.20Steering.20meeting/near/203198401\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/2020-07-07.20Steering.20meeting/near/203198291\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>what I think is hard is to split this task to be honest</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>We can at least do a rotation, e.g. that person does the perf report for that week</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>right, anyway, let's see what <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"120989\">njn</span> thinks about this because my impression is that <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"120989\">njn</span> is interested in doing this work regardless of what we do :)</p>",
        "id": 203198532,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594153570
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so back to the issues ... <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team-prioritization/issues\">https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team-prioritization/issues</a></p>",
        "id": 203198590,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594153611
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah okay lets talk to <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"120989\">@njn</span> . My personal guess is that even if <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"120989\">@njn</span> wants to continue being the primary driver, it still makes sense to share the knowledge of the process, if only to decrease the \"bus factor\"</p>",
        "id": 203198596,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1594153614
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but yes, back to issues!</p>",
        "id": 203198609,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1594153619
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/2020-07-07.20Steering.20meeting/near/203198596\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>yeah okay lets talk to <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"120989\">njn</span> . My personal guess is that even if <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"120989\">njn</span> wants to continue being the primary driver, it still makes sense to share the knowledge of the process, if only to decrease the \"bus factor\"</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>agreed</p>",
        "id": 203198646,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594153651
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>In all the issues I think all of them are either blocked or in progress</p>",
        "id": 203198673,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1594153666
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so about the issues, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"255061\">@LeSeulArtichaut</span>, you were saying that you were working on this one <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team-prioritization/issues/1\">https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team-prioritization/issues/1</a>, right?</p>",
        "id": 203198679,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594153671
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>except maybe compiler-team-prioritization#5</p>",
        "id": 203198730,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1594153685
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/2020-07-07.20Steering.20meeting/near/203198679\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>so about the issues, <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"255061\">LeSeulArtichaut</span>, you were saying that you were working on this one <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team-prioritization/issues/8\">https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team-prioritization/issues/8</a>, right?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I'm working on a way to handle Zulip commands more efficiently, which this will need</p>",
        "id": 203198771,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1594153729
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ohh I see</p>",
        "id": 203198790,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594153741
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It pretty much blocks <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team-prioritization/issues/1\">#1</a> and <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team-prioritization/issues/8\">#8</a></p>",
        "id": 203198811,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1594153755
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"255061\">LeSeulArtichaut</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/2020-07-07.20Steering.20meeting/near/203198673\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>In all the issues I think all of them are either blocked or in progress</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>when you say blocked, what and why do you think things are blocked?</p>",
        "id": 203198829,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594153771
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"255061\">LeSeulArtichaut</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/2020-07-07.20Steering.20meeting/near/203198811\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>It pretty much blocks <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team-prioritization/issues/1\">#1</a> and <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team-prioritization/issues/8\">#8</a></p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I guess I see a bit of what you meant :)</p>",
        "id": 203198860,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594153794
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yes, I meant blocked for the triagebot stuff</p>",
        "id": 203199002,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1594153864
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>right</p>",
        "id": 203199010,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594153869
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok, I guess all that can be assigned now, it's already assigned</p>",
        "id": 203199020,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594153876
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>do someone want to comment something else? because I don't have any other thing to share or discuss</p>",
        "id": 203199058,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594153900
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>other than ... now that we are a bit more organized, this meeting taking 1h seems to much, maybe we can shorten it to 30 mins</p>",
        "id": 203199127,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594153929
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>IMO the only issue that we may want to discuss in a meeting is <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team-prioritization/issues/5\">#5</a>? But that can wait a later meeting</p>",
        "id": 203199281,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1594154038
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we had a discussion last  time about moving from \"critical, high, low\" things to somthing that's more date-based</p>",
        "id": 203199357,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1594154062
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah this is a good topic to discuss</p>",
        "id": 203199380,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594154076
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"120823\">DPC</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/2020-07-07.20Steering.20meeting/near/203199357\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>we had a discussion last  time about moving from \"critical, high, low\" things to somthing that's more date-based</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>That's exactly <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team-prioritization/issues/5\">#5</a> I think</p>",
        "id": 203199391,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1594154083
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>right</p>",
        "id": 203199406,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594154093
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>just want to add that we have milestones already that we could possibly use</p>",
        "id": 203199416,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1594154100
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>To track things like the proposed <code>defer-until-release</code> issues?</p>",
        "id": 203199492,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1594154150
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>do people want to discuss this now? we have 25 more minutes or we could defer this a bit more :)</p>",
        "id": 203199548,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594154167
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm ok with whatever to be honest</p>",
        "id": 203199560,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594154181
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/2020-07-07.20Steering.20meeting/near/203199548\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>do people want to discuss this now? we have 25 more minutes or we could defer this a bit more <span aria-label=\"slight smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f642\" role=\"img\" title=\"slight smile\">:slight_smile:</span></p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Either is fine to me</p>",
        "id": 203199564,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1594154185
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>currently we use milestones on issues to denote which issues are probably going to get merged into nightly (the milestones are numbered as per the release with a due date of the release date)</p>",
        "id": 203199601,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1594154222
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if we are all neutral I have no idea what to do <span aria-label=\"joy\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f602\" role=\"img\" title=\"joy\">:joy:</span>, because I'm also neutral</p>",
        "id": 203199629,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594154243
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't think any team use them that often though, so maybe we could use it <span aria-label=\"grinning\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f600\" role=\"img\" title=\"grinning\">:grinning:</span></p>",
        "id": 203199650,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1594154257
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"120823\">@DPC</span> do you want to discuss this now?</p>",
        "id": 203199762,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594154297
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/2020-07-07.20Steering.20meeting/near/203199629\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>if we are all neutral I have no idea what to do <span aria-label=\"joy\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f602\" role=\"img\" title=\"joy\">:joy:</span>, because I'm also neutral</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>This meeting was supposed to last 1h so I think we could do it now? And have shorter meetings from now on?</p>",
        "id": 203199770,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1594154302
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>you're the one that can tie break :)</p>",
        "id": 203199773,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594154304
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i'm neutral as well <span aria-label=\"grinning\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f600\" role=\"img\" title=\"grinning\">:grinning:</span></p>",
        "id": 203199788,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1594154310
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Let's do it now</p>",
        "id": 203199790,
        "sender_full_name": "lcnr",
        "timestamp": 1594154311
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>pheww thanks :P</p>",
        "id": 203199803,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594154319
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>DECISION MAN</p>",
        "id": 203199821,
        "sender_full_name": "lcnr",
        "timestamp": 1594154331
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the hero we need</p>",
        "id": 203199845,
        "sender_full_name": "lcnr",
        "timestamp": 1594154345
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>hehe</p>",
        "id": 203199850,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594154350
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>4 mins late, but we'll consider <span aria-label=\"stuck out tongue\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f61d\" role=\"img\" title=\"stuck out tongue\">:stuck_out_tongue:</span></p>",
        "id": 203199858,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1594154353
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so what are our options?</p>",
        "id": 203199876,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594154360
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span> you had some strong thoughts about this</p>",
        "id": 203199896,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594154372
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe before discussing options, we discuss the major issue with our current setup?</p>",
        "id": 203199923,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1594154385
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm kind of also neutral to this to be honest, right now I'm not sure why do we need to migrate to some time based schema</p>",
        "id": 203199951,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594154401
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>There was a document from <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> or <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> (can't remember) about this, right?</p>",
        "id": 203199993,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1594154403
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah there were some documents</p>",
        "id": 203200075,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594154454
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>given that the process has changed, I guess it's better to defer it for a while so that we can judge better based on new prioritisation strategy.</p>",
        "id": 203200076,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1594154455
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"120823\">DPC</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/2020-07-07.20Steering.20meeting/near/203200076\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>given that the process has changed, I guess it's better to defer it for a while so that we can judge better based on new prioritisation strategy.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I think we can propose some ideas then?</p>",
        "id": 203200134,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1594154489
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I believe that if we give a precise definition to the <code>P-*</code> labels it's not certain why would we need hz kind of labels</p>",
        "id": 203200140,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594154493
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well other than a defer until next release kind of label</p>",
        "id": 203200170,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594154512
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Also this question seems kind of tied to the \"how to handle <code>P-high</code> issues\" question</p>",
        "id": 203200236,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1594154537
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>right</p>",
        "id": 203200256,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594154552
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think it is about how we handle every already prioritized issue :)</p>",
        "id": 203200273,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594154564
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>in my opinion we lack a defer until next release kind of idea</p>",
        "id": 203200320,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594154593
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the rest are kind of covered</p>",
        "id": 203200326,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594154597
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/2020-07-07.20Steering.20meeting/near/203200320\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>in my opinion we lack a defer until next release kind of idea</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>What kind of issues would you put in this defer-until-release state?</p>",
        "id": 203200357,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1594154617
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or well maybe are not but will when we define how do we want to handle every different priority level</p>",
        "id": 203200365,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594154621
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"255061\">LeSeulArtichaut</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/2020-07-07.20Steering.20meeting/near/203200357\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/2020-07-07.20Steering.20meeting/near/203200320\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>in my opinion we lack a defer until next release kind of idea</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>What kind of issues would you put in this defer-until-release state?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>we had a <code>P-critical</code> issue that the fix was a bit risky and broke some crates</p>",
        "id": 203200465,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594154665
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we decided to merge as soon as the next release has happened so we had the maximum amount of testing time</p>",
        "id": 203200493,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594154684
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So this often applies to PRs?</p>",
        "id": 203200500,
        "sender_full_name": "lcnr",
        "timestamp": 1594154691
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>do we want to tag issues with this?</p>",
        "id": 203200534,
        "sender_full_name": "lcnr",
        "timestamp": 1594154717
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/2020-07-07.20Steering.20meeting/near/203200170\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>well other than a defer until next release kind of label</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>we can use the milestones for that</p>",
        "id": 203200565,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1594154743
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm pretty sure we'll never have to handle <code>P-medium</code> and <code>P-low</code> issues, right? So in the end what we're left with in the end is how do we handle <code>P-high</code> and <code>P-critical</code> issues.</p>",
        "id": 203200574,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1594154748
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/71896\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/71896</a></p>",
        "id": 203200575,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594154749
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>was that one</p>",
        "id": 203200586,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594154755
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>my bigger concern is how do we downgrade/upgrade priority over time</p>",
        "id": 203200647,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1594154774
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"120823\">DPC</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/2020-07-07.20Steering.20meeting/near/203200647\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>my bigger concern is how do we downgrade/upgrade priority over time</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I think when there is a major event in an issue we can tag <code>I-prioritize</code> and have an async discussion as usual?</p>",
        "id": 203200705,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1594154824
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"255061\">LeSeulArtichaut</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/2020-07-07.20Steering.20meeting/near/203200574\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I'm pretty sure we'll never have to handle <code>P-medium</code> and <code>P-low</code> issues, right? So in the end what we're left with in the end is how do we handle <code>P-high</code> and <code>P-critical</code> issues.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>right, and we kind of try as much as we can to close <code>P-critical</code> on every release and do our best effort about <code>P-high</code></p>",
        "id": 203200730,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594154842
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>to be honest about <code>P-high</code> I have no idea what else we could do</p>",
        "id": 203200742,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594154852
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>other than best effort</p>",
        "id": 203200750,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594154859
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i mean at some stage we will have to visit all p-medium issues, and see if some of them could be made p-high</p>",
        "id": 203200815,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1594154884
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ohh I see what you meant</p>",
        "id": 203200840,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594154902
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>let me re-phrase that differently to see if I'm understanding</p>",
        "id": 203200863,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594154916
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>clarifying, it's a one-off triage of sorts not something we'll have to do regularly</p>",
        "id": 203200914,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1594154949
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we have some issues identified as <code>P-medium</code> that are maybe ICEs or stuff like that that are ungreat</p>",
        "id": 203200926,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594154956
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>How many <code>P-medium</code> do we have right now?</p>",
        "id": 203200950,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1594154970
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>my idea is that given that Rust is still young at some point it would reach a maturity level in which such bugs would be P-high</p>",
        "id": 203200976,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594154984
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>is it something like that what you meant?</p>",
        "id": 203200981,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594154990
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>only 263</p>",
        "id": 203200999,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1594155000
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>202 <code>T-compiler</code></p>",
        "id": 203201052,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1594155010
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway, IMHO right now it's not something we should be focusing on</p>",
        "id": 203201119,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594155050
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I meant, baby steps :)</p>",
        "id": 203201147,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594155062
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ye i agree</p>",
        "id": 203201161,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1594155069
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>let's first close all <code>P-high</code> issues if we ever possibly can :)</p>",
        "id": 203201174,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594155074
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>my guess is that this will never happen :)</p>",
        "id": 203201199,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594155088
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I'm optimist about it :P</p>",
        "id": 203201221,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594155100
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>just saying, for example there is an issue like this: <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/18759\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/18759</a> which was opened way back in 2014.</p>",
        "id": 203201363,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1594155157
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>though i agree it is too early to form a process around p-medium/p-low</p>",
        "id": 203201445,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1594155207
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span aria-label=\"+1\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44d\" role=\"img\" title=\"+1\">:+1:</span></p>",
        "id": 203201498,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594155237
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So if we decide to focus on <code>P-high</code></p>",
        "id": 203201558,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1594155256
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I truly believe that is very important for this group to focus in the highest priority issues</p>",
        "id": 203201570,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594155267
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The issue is that there are too many of them to review each week, right?</p>",
        "id": 203201589,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1594155276
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if some day the highest priority issues are <code>P-medium</code>, I'd buy you a nice gift <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"120823\">@DPC</span> :P</p>",
        "id": 203201620,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594155293
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Well I think by definition priorities are relative to each other</p>",
        "id": 203201700,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1594155332
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yep</p>",
        "id": 203201753,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594155358
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So we'll always have high priority issues. Sorry <span aria-label=\"grinning face with smiling eyes\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f601\" role=\"img\" title=\"grinning face with smiling eyes\">:grinning_face_with_smiling_eyes:</span></p>",
        "id": 203201797,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1594155365
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>my gift <span aria-label=\"cry\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f622\" role=\"img\" title=\"cry\">:cry:</span></p>",
        "id": 203201837,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1594155390
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway I think I do agree with Dylan that today's <code>P-medium</code> issues are maybe tomorrow's <code>P-high</code> as the compiler matures</p>",
        "id": 203201838,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594155391
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"120823\">DPC</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/2020-07-07.20Steering.20meeting/near/203201837\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>my gift <span aria-label=\"cry\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f622\" role=\"img\" title=\"cry\">:cry:</span></p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>hehe I could even offer a car, because we will never have 0 P-critical and 0 P-high</p>",
        "id": 203201893,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594155419
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>forget 0 p-critical &amp; 0-high, i'm trying to get issues under 5k and it's a struggle <span aria-label=\"grinning\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f600\" role=\"img\" title=\"grinning\">:grinning:</span></p>",
        "id": 203201967,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1594155464
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>hehe I see you like impossibles :)</p>",
        "id": 203202052,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594155490
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway, we didn't reach any conclusion about hz issues, I'd ask <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span> for his thoughts about this because he and <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> I think had some strong thoughts about it</p>",
        "id": 203202100,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594155522
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>A small thing i would like to add - would be nice if thread names changed when prioritisation is removed</p>",
        "id": 203202148,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1594155552
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"120823\">DPC</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/2020-07-07.20Steering.20meeting/near/203202148\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>A small thing i would like to add - would be nice if thread names changed when prioritisation is removed</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Maybe open an issue about that?</p>",
        "id": 203202192,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1594155581
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>something like <code>[Removed]  I-prioritize</code></p>",
        "id": 203202197,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1594155585
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So we can discuss async</p>",
        "id": 203202200,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1594155587
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it's the hour mark. so I think we are done here <span aria-label=\"slight smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f642\" role=\"img\" title=\"slight smile\">:slight_smile:</span></p>",
        "id": 203202319,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1594155635
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"120823\">DPC</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/2020-07-07.20Steering.20meeting/near/203202197\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>something like <code>[Removed]  I-prioritize</code></p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>maybe <code>P-something issue info</code></p>",
        "id": 203202327,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594155638
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think we are done, let's wait for Felix to comment on the hz</p>",
        "id": 203202385,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594155671
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>do we agree on 30 mins meetings?</p>",
        "id": 203202402,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594155679
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we generally don't have much to discuss, so agreed</p>",
        "id": 203202510,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1594155726
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or we spend the last 30 mins doing jokes as today :P</p>",
        "id": 203202538,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594155741
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/2020-07-07.20Steering.20meeting/near/203202402\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>do we agree on 30 mins meetings?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I guess with the clause to re-extend it on the occasion there is a bit more to discuss</p>",
        "id": 203202544,
        "sender_full_name": "apiraino",
        "timestamp": 1594155745
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"250987\">apiraino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/2020-07-07.20Steering.20meeting/near/203202544\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/2020-07-07.20Steering.20meeting/near/203202402\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>do we agree on 30 mins meetings?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I guess with the clause to re-extend it on the occasion there is a bit more to discuss</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>right <span aria-label=\"+1\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44d\" role=\"img\" title=\"+1\">:+1:</span></p>",
        "id": 203202572,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594155760
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"250987\">apiraino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/2020-07-07.20Steering.20meeting/near/203202544\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/2020-07-07.20Steering.20meeting/near/203202402\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>do we agree on 30 mins meetings?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I guess with the clause to re-extend it on the occasion there is a bit more to discuss</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>only if something's urgent or we can do the usual meeting thing of pushing it to the next steering meeting</p>",
        "id": 203202602,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1594155777
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we can also schedule specific meetings during this meeting if there's an important topic</p>",
        "id": 203202643,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594155802
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway, changing the calendar event</p>",
        "id": 203202656,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594155807
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and thanks everyone for being here <span aria-label=\"heart\" class=\"emoji emoji-2764\" role=\"img\" title=\"heart\">:heart:</span></p>",
        "id": 203202675,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594155818
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span aria-label=\"wave\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44b\" role=\"img\" title=\"wave\">:wave:</span> to everyone</p>",
        "id": 203202690,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594155824
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/2020-07-07.20Steering.20meeting/near/203202385\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I think we are done, let's wait for Felix to comment on the hz</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I don't have comments besides \"if we find we need to add `Hz-&lt;frequency&gt;, we can do it later.\" But its not something I see a driving need for right now; it was more something that I thought might be more self-documenting than the current P-priority scheme.</p>",
        "id": 203203533,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1594156267
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'd close that issue then for now as not actionable but we should keep an eye on this in the future</p>",
        "id": 203204523,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594156824
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hi! I'm glad there is lots of interest in the perf triage reports. The aim of them much like @pnkfelix suggested: first, to know about improvements and regressions. Second, to try to get action on regressions.</p>",
        "id": 203212887,
        "sender_full_name": "njn",
        "timestamp": 1594162273
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I tweaked the format of this week's report as per <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116266\">@Santiago Pastorino</span> 's request (adding PR numbers to the text). I'm happy to hear other suggestions for changes that would be helpful to other people.</p>",
        "id": 203212984,
        "sender_full_name": "njn",
        "timestamp": 1594162328
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Although the workload isn't onerous, I'm definitely happy to share it. I've done this sort of thing before with crashes in Firefox, and the weekly grind does get wearing after a while.</p>",
        "id": 203213051,
        "sender_full_name": "njn",
        "timestamp": 1594162375
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Plus, I take PTO every so often :)</p>",
        "id": 203213091,
        "sender_full_name": "njn",
        "timestamp": 1594162409
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't think it's necessary to do it more than weekly, and for each week's report it doesn't parallelize, as observed above. But having two or three people on the roster and alternating weeks would be fine</p>",
        "id": 203213161,
        "sender_full_name": "njn",
        "timestamp": 1594162448
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"120989\">@njn</span> yeah, sounds great</p>",
        "id": 203213204,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594162508
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>A weekly cadence works well. It matches the meeting frequency, and the this-week-in-rust frequency.</p>",
        "id": 203213222,
        "sender_full_name": "njn",
        "timestamp": 1594162526
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the other tweaks that would be nice are:</p>",
        "id": 203213243,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594162559
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rustc-perf/blob/master/triage/README.md\">README</a> explains the process. I wrote it deliberately so that other people can do it as well.</p>",
        "id": 203213290,
        "sender_full_name": "njn",
        "timestamp": 1594162572
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>instead of linking the PRs, linking directly to your comment</p>",
        "id": 203213302,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594162588
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I've been updating the README with minor changes as I've improved my process.</p>",
        "id": 203213306,
        "sender_full_name": "njn",
        "timestamp": 1594162590
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so people can directly go there during weekly meetings</p>",
        "id": 203213314,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594162598
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and avoid searching for your comment</p>",
        "id": 203213326,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594162607
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>this is one thing I've heard during the meetings</p>",
        "id": 203213333,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594162614
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Sure thing</p>",
        "id": 203213335,
        "sender_full_name": "njn",
        "timestamp": 1594162616
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and the other request I have is if we can have one file per report</p>",
        "id": 203213353,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594162632
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so we can possibly automate this in an easier way</p>",
        "id": 203213364,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594162640
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>What needs to be automated? The links within the file would be equally automatable? Or is this for extracting the info somehow?</p>",
        "id": 203213439,
        "sender_full_name": "njn",
        "timestamp": 1594162689
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>sorry, let me explain</p>",
        "id": 203213448,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594162699
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>here <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/zg0MC_eEQkqvsXO0uQnXpA\">https://hackmd.io/zg0MC_eEQkqvsXO0uQnXpA</a> we have our weekly meeting agenda</p>",
        "id": 203213466,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594162722
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that one is the one from last week</p>",
        "id": 203213473,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594162727
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>as you can see here <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/zg0MC_eEQkqvsXO0uQnXpA#Performance-logs\">https://hackmd.io/zg0MC_eEQkqvsXO0uQnXpA#Performance-logs</a></p>",
        "id": 203213488,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594162743
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we are now including your reports and spending some time discussing them during the weekly meetings</p>",
        "id": 203213509,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594162767
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we build the agenda in a kind of automated way</p>",
        "id": 203213521,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594162776
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if you provide a file per report we can make our agenda building automation easier :)</p>",
        "id": 203213534,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594162793
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>otherwise we need to download <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rustc-perf/blob/master/triage/2020.md\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rustc-perf/blob/master/triage/2020.md</a> in full and parse extract the corresponding last report</p>",
        "id": 203213709,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594162878
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I guess adding a new file per report may be against what you're trying to do :), so just consider it as a suggestion just in case splitting is exactly the same for you and doesn't break your workflow</p>",
        "id": 203213816,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594162940
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ok, so would a file like <code>rustc-perf/triage/2020-07-14.md</code> work?</p>",
        "id": 203213830,
        "sender_full_name": "njn",
        "timestamp": 1594162949
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Adding a new file every time is a bit annoying, but I can live with it</p>",
        "id": 203213857,
        "sender_full_name": "njn",
        "timestamp": 1594162977
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Especially if I end up only having to do this every two or three weeks :)</p>",
        "id": 203213899,
        "sender_full_name": "njn",
        "timestamp": 1594163032
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Another point about the \"once a week is enough\" - yesterday there were only 16 commits for the whole week. It's not that many. Maybe it was a bad week in terms of CI and landing PRs.</p>",
        "id": 203213976,
        "sender_full_name": "njn",
        "timestamp": 1594163082
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hmm, I should probably add a link to the time period for the graphs.</p>",
        "id": 203214016,
        "sender_full_name": "njn",
        "timestamp": 1594163123
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>On the \"it may be good because we can come up with things that njn may have missed\" above... maybe, but probably not. There'd be a ton of duplicated work. Sometimes you get a small change and two people might disagree about whether it's significant, <em>shrug</em></p>",
        "id": 203214349,
        "sender_full_name": "njn",
        "timestamp": 1594163361
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"120989\">njn</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/2020-07-07.20Steering.20meeting/near/203213830\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Ok, so would a file like <code>rustc-perf/triage/2020-07-14.md</code> work?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>yes</p>",
        "id": 203214386,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594163397
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"120989\">njn</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/2020-07-07.20Steering.20meeting/near/203213857\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Adding a new file every time is a bit annoying, but I can live with it</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>yeah, if it's very annoying don't worry, really :)</p>",
        "id": 203214460,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594163424
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"120989\">njn</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/2020-07-07.20Steering.20meeting/near/203214349\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>On the \"it may be good because we can come up with things that njn may have missed\" above... maybe, but probably not. There'd be a ton of duplicated work. Sometimes you get a small change and two people might disagree about whether it's significant, <em>shrug</em></p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>agreed, there are tons of things to do for the project, duplicating work in my opinion is not the best use of resources</p>",
        "id": 203214565,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594163518
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/2020-07-07.20Steering.20meeting/near/203195949\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>if I remember correctly <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"218578\">o0Ignition0o - Jeremy Lempereur</span> opened a PR with the priority levels</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Sorry I wasn't available yesterday, that is correct. If I recall correctly I need to rephrase a couple of nits, and <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-forge/pull/390\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-forge/pull/390</a> will land</p>",
        "id": 203239764,
        "sender_full_name": "o0Ignition0o - Jeremy Lempereur",
        "timestamp": 1594194258
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"218578\">o0Ignition0o - Jeremy Lempereur</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/2020-07-07.20Steering.20meeting/near/203239764\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/2020-07-07.20Steering.20meeting/near/203195949\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>if I remember correctly <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"218578\">o0Ignition0o - Jeremy Lempereur</span> opened a PR with the priority levels</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Sorry I wasn't available yesterday, that is correct. If I recall correctly I need to rephrase a couple of nits, and <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-forge/pull/390\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-forge/pull/390</a> will land</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>that's great, take your time and let us know when it's ready</p>",
        "id": 203263431,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594212979
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>A late follow-up here: I currently put the triage logs into files in the rustc-perf repo, but it doesn't have to be that way. E.g. if there's a suitable wiki, that might be more convenient, because the need for a git push or PR is not really helpful for this sort of thing.</p>",
        "id": 203780839,
        "sender_full_name": "njn",
        "timestamp": 1594680437
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"120989\">@njn</span> what you have done works</p>",
        "id": 203853403,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594743420
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>another possibility if you want is to place your reports directly in the compiler agenda</p>",
        "id": 203853543,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594743491
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I don't think that's what you want</p>",
        "id": 203853576,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594743512
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The compiler agenda would be fine, so long as it is findable and available for me to modify on Tuesday morning Melbourne time. I can link to the appropriate section (e.g. <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/zg0MC_eEQkqvsXO0uQnXpA#Performance-logs\">https://hackmd.io/zg0MC_eEQkqvsXO0uQnXpA#Performance-logs</a>) from This Week in Rust.</p>",
        "id": 203906530,
        "sender_full_name": "njn",
        "timestamp": 1594774565
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Overall, that would be easier for everyone. It's nice being able to use a WYSIWYG-type editor and not have to worry about git PRs/commits just for some text.</p>",
        "id": 203906550,
        "sender_full_name": "njn",
        "timestamp": 1594774603
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Where do the compiler agendas live?</p>",
        "id": 203906591,
        "sender_full_name": "njn",
        "timestamp": 1594774660
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I will say that making sure these are preserved in a \"log\" of some kind that doesn't require scrolling through a bunch of other stuff seems valuable. Is GitHub's editor UI insufficient for this?</p>",
        "id": 203907346,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1594775510
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"120989\">njn</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/2020-07-07.20Steering.20meeting/near/203906591\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Where do the compiler agendas live?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>We draft them via <a href=\"http://hackmd.io\">hackmd.io</a></p>",
        "id": 203958939,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1594821732
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>See <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/team/rust-compiler-team?nav=overview\">https://hackmd.io/team/rust-compiler-team?nav=overview</a></p>",
        "id": 203958965,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1594821750
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think the pattern has been to start writing up the week's agenda on the Wednesday before the meeting; <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116266\">@Santiago Pastorino</span> posts a link to it when they start writing it.</p>",
        "id": 203959074,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1594821801
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"120989\">@njn</span> as <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span> noted if you go to <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/team/rust-compiler-team?nav=overview\">https://hackmd.io/team/rust-compiler-team?nav=overview</a>, you will find at the bottom, under weekly all the agendas of our meetings, you should be looking for the next one and should exist, so this time is 2020-07-16, note that at the bottom you need to paginate but I usually pin the meeting agenda so you should be able to find it in the top of that page too</p>",
        "id": 203960288,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594822422
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>btw, we would need your HackMD username to give you write access</p>",
        "id": 203960317,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594822435
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116266\">@Santiago Pastorino</span> Can you give me permission via my GitHub account, nnethercote?</p>",
        "id": 204008812,
        "sender_full_name": "njn",
        "timestamp": 1594844969
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>My only concern about using the agenda is that it feels less permanent than files in a GitHub repo. But I guess the useful shelf life of these reports is really only a few weeks or months at most. It's certainly a bit easier.</p>",
        "id": 204009030,
        "sender_full_name": "njn",
        "timestamp": 1594845064
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>One other question: for each improvement/regression in the log entry, I link to the explanatory comment in the PR, and also to the perf results. But the explanatory comment also links to the perf results. I wonder if I can omit the results link in the log entry. It would be less work for me, but for anyone to see the perf results they'd have to click through two links. Thoughts?</p>",
        "id": 204009207,
        "sender_full_name": "njn",
        "timestamp": 1594845144
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"120989\">njn</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/2020-07-07.20Steering.20meeting/near/204008812\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> Can you give me permission via my GitHub account, nnethercote?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I've found \"you\" under the name Nicholas Nethercote, check and confirm that you got an invite</p>",
        "id": 204019530,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594851174
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"120989\">njn</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/2020-07-07.20Steering.20meeting/near/204009030\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>My only concern about using the agenda is that it feels less permanent than files in a GitHub repo. But I guess the useful shelf life of these reports is really only a few weeks or months at most. It's certainly a bit easier.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>agreed, whatever you prefer would be fine for me</p>",
        "id": 204019552,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594851198
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"120989\">njn</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/2020-07-07.20Steering.20meeting/near/204009207\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>One other question: for each improvement/regression in the log entry, I link to the explanatory comment in the PR, and also to the perf results. But the explanatory comment also links to the perf results. I wonder if I can omit the results link in the log entry. It would be less work for me, but for anyone to see the perf results they'd have to click through two links. Thoughts?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I guess the one that can answer this more properly is <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span></p>",
        "id": 204019565,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594851212
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Explanatory comment alone seems fine to me for now, especially if the format of the comment is regular enough that we could plausibly auto scrape the perf link from it if need be</p>",
        "id": 204045054,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1594875395
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hey <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116266\">@Santiago Pastorino</span> , I just wanted to double check before today's T-compiler meeting:</p>",
        "id": 204086466,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1594907744
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>My impression is that there seems like enough interest among wg-prioritization itself to try to figure out a way to reduce the \"bus factor\" of <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"120989\">njn</span> 's work on weekly performance evaluations</p>",
        "id": 204086594,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1594907790
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that I do <em>not</em> need to bring it up amongst the whole T-compiler team at this point</p>",
        "id": 204086625,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1594907807
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Does that sound correct, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116266\">@Santiago Pastorino</span> ?</p>",
        "id": 204086633,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1594907812
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Okay great I'll interpret your <span aria-label=\"thumbs up\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44d\" role=\"img\" title=\"thumbs up\">:thumbs_up:</span> as affirmation. <span aria-label=\"slight smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f642\" role=\"img\" title=\"slight smile\">:slight_smile:</span></p>",
        "id": 204086656,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1594907827
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I understood the first sentence, the one I've <span aria-label=\"+1\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44d\" role=\"img\" title=\"+1\">:+1:</span></p>",
        "id": 204086697,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594907846
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/2020-07-07.20Steering.20meeting/near/204086625\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>that I do <em>not</em> need to bring it up amongst the whole T-compiler team at this point</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>didn't get exactly what you meant here</p>",
        "id": 204086701,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594907852
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I was considering just now</p>",
        "id": 204086715,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1594907863
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>saying to all of T-compiler</p>",
        "id": 204086722,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1594907868
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>you were thinking to bring that up to other T-compiler members and see if someone is also interested?</p>",
        "id": 204086730,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594907872
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>\"hey, <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"120989\">njn</span> might need help with this\"</p>",
        "id": 204086734,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1594907874
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ahh ok ok</p>",
        "id": 204086747,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594907879
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I don't think that we need to do that, at least not yet</p>",
        "id": 204086800,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1594907892
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span aria-label=\"+1\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44d\" role=\"img\" title=\"+1\">:+1:</span></p>",
        "id": 204086818,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1594907898
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I was just musing about it while reviewing the agenda for today's meeting</p>",
        "id": 204086862,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1594907922
    }
]