[
    {
        "content": "<p>hi <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"2403\">@WG-prioritization</span>, react with <span aria-label=\"wave\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44b\" role=\"img\" title=\"wave\">:wave:</span> to show you're around</p>",
        "id": 199416082,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591041955
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the idea was to discuss how to improve our process</p>",
        "id": 199416219,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591042004
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>how well we think the async things we are doing work</p>",
        "id": 199416256,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591042032
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>how well or bad our sync weekly meeting works</p>",
        "id": 199416272,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591042045
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>what kind of ideas do we have to improve our process</p>",
        "id": 199416289,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591042055
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that's the idea, so, I guess we can start by commeting briefly on what is it working, maybe?</p>",
        "id": 199416321,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591042078
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think overall it's going well!</p>",
        "id": 199416382,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1591042092
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think it's having a positive effect on the compiler triage meeting as well.</p>",
        "id": 199416416,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1591042112
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span aria-label=\"+1\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44d\" role=\"img\" title=\"+1\">:+1:</span></p>",
        "id": 199416420,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591042120
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe let me rephrase things better</p>",
        "id": 199416435,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591042127
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'd change well or bad with things that are helping us or working well and things that could be improved</p>",
        "id": 199416500,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591042165
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>any other thought about what's helping the team and in general the weekly main meeting?</p>",
        "id": 199416607,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591042219
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think async prioritization goes really well too</p>",
        "id": 199416619,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1591042227
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>one thing I'd add is that I think the ... what <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"255061\">@LeSeulArtichaut</span> has said :)</p>",
        "id": 199416632,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591042240
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe it needs a bit of structure, but otherwise it is fine</p>",
        "id": 199416642,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1591042246
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It doesn't take a lot of time for the members here</p>",
        "id": 199416647,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1591042250
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"120823\">DPC</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/meeting.202020.2E06.2E01/near/199416642\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>maybe it needs a bit of structure, but otherwise it is fine</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>say more?</p>",
        "id": 199416664,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591042258
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>And still gets the job done IMO</p>",
        "id": 199416670,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1591042263
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>currently for some issues, someone proposes one of the labels, it doesn't get marked for a long time</p>",
        "id": 199416710,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1591042294
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>while for some issues, someone proposes and it is marked instantly and removed for prioritisation so some uniformity would  makes things better <span aria-label=\"slight smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f642\" role=\"img\" title=\"slight smile\">:slight_smile:</span></p>",
        "id": 199416762,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1591042322
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>right, I'd say that once we have 2 people saying this is <code>P-whatever</code> someone can just go an apply the label</p>",
        "id": 199416787,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591042327
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>in any case we can keep discussion and re-label</p>",
        "id": 199416802,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591042335
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that's one idea but I general at some point I go over all the zulip discussions I didn't participate and check what happened</p>",
        "id": 199416833,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591042359
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if people are saying <code>P-medium</code> and I agree I just add the label :)</p>",
        "id": 199416860,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591042375
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe in future it would be nice if we could label it from the zulip conversation</p>",
        "id": 199416944,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1591042429
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I agree and I think there were plans for this in triagebot?</p>",
        "id": 199417001,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1591042447
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but in general feel free to take ownership, things will be reviewed anyway at some point, at least I can promise that I'm going to review all the <code>I-prioritize</code>, whatever me reviewing means :P</p>",
        "id": 199417006,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591042453
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Shouldn't be too hard I think</p>",
        "id": 199417009,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1591042456
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>24 hours seems a good time to  get consensus on ? if something is  unlabelled 24h after opening i'll add it accordingly</p>",
        "id": 199417053,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1591042491
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"120823\">DPC</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/meeting.202020.2E06.2E01/near/199416944\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>maybe in future it would be nice if we could label it from the zulip conversation</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I agree with this, mainly because it's nice to add also a brief text and link to the discussion</p>",
        "id": 199417059,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591042494
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think we can add a todo somewhere</p>",
        "id": 199417121,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591042537
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>unsure what do you guys prefer but I guess for now I can use <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/P3yvagSSS7yAI2QxhLfPtQ\">this doc</a></p>",
        "id": 199417172,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591042557
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Another small improvement may be to rename topics once prioritization is removed</p>",
        "id": 199417173,
        "sender_full_name": "lcnr",
        "timestamp": 1591042558
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I can open an issue on triagebot, maybe?</p>",
        "id": 199417175,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1591042560
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"255061\">LeSeulArtichaut</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/meeting.202020.2E06.2E01/near/199417175\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I can open an issue on triagebot, maybe?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>this is great and agree, let's open an issue, although a problem this doesn't solve is where do we look at all the pending things we have?</p>",
        "id": 199417269,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591042614
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>what was more or less the intention I have with the doc but a document for this is far from ideal :)</p>",
        "id": 199417291,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591042632
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We could maybe have a \"meta-topic\" somewhere? I don't really know how practical that would be</p>",
        "id": 199417323,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1591042666
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"216206\">lcnr</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/meeting.202020.2E06.2E01/near/199417173\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Another small improvement may be to rename topics once prioritization is removed</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>this is also a good idea, maybe we can replace <code>I-prioritize</code> with <code>P-high</code>, <code>P-medium</code>, etc</p>",
        "id": 199417334,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591042678
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well I guess we are more or less done with what's working nice?</p>",
        "id": 199417424,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591042719
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>let's jump into what could be improved?</p>",
        "id": 199417435,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591042725
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I can for now add some things into that document until we define something better to use</p>",
        "id": 199417469,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591042745
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>let's jump into the improving things part :)</p>",
        "id": 199417498,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591042758
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I have a bunch but want to hear from others first :)</p>",
        "id": 199417538,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591042781
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>not really the process we do, but what happens to an issue if a PR to fix it is already opened? During triaging there seems to be some confusion regarding this</p>",
        "id": 199417544,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1591042788
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I’m sometimes confused by what we’re supposed to do, I mean I d really like to help, but I feel like I don’t always understand if something / what is expected.<br>\nIt’s the main reason why I wanted to focus on something specific like for example draining an unprioritized issue queue</p>",
        "id": 199417704,
        "sender_full_name": "o0Ignition0o - Jeremy Lempereur",
        "timestamp": 1591042863
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Not sure if my comment is actually something we can act on though ^^’</p>",
        "id": 199417823,
        "sender_full_name": "o0Ignition0o - Jeremy Lempereur",
        "timestamp": 1591042932
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well don't be afraid to be wrong :P</p>",
        "id": 199417842,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1591042947
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"120823\">DPC</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/meeting.202020.2E06.2E01/near/199417544\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>not really the process we do, but what happens to an issue if a PR to fix it is already opened? During triaging there seems to be some confusion regarding this</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I'd assign a priority anyway, unsure if I got the question right though :)</p>",
        "id": 199417856,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591042956
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Well I tend to lower the priority if there’s already an open pr like “let’s not focus on that “</p>",
        "id": 199417896,
        "sender_full_name": "o0Ignition0o - Jeremy Lempereur",
        "timestamp": 1591042989
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"218578\">o0Ignition0o - Jeremy Lempereur</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/meeting.202020.2E06.2E01/near/199417704\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I’m sometimes confused by what we’re supposed to do, I mean I d really like to help, but I feel like I don’t always understand if something / what is expected.<br>\nIt’s the main reason why I wanted to focus on something specific like for example draining an unprioritized issue queue</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I'd say feel free to ask questions and if you want we can talk in private and I can try helping you</p>",
        "id": 199417914,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591043001
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"218578\">o0Ignition0o - Jeremy Lempereur</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/meeting.202020.2E06.2E01/near/199417896\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Well I tend to lower the priority if there’s already an open pr like “let’s not focus on that “</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>this is an interesting discussion and mainly if there's confusion, my take is ... let's ignore the PR existance</p>",
        "id": 199417969,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591043037
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>mainly because a PR may take time to land</p>",
        "id": 199418022,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591043046
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>conflicts</p>",
        "id": 199418036,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591043054
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>reviews</p>",
        "id": 199418043,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591043055
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>etc</p>",
        "id": 199418045,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591043057
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the question is: what do we do if a pr is already open to fix the issue? <br>\nA] label as usual,<br>\nB] lower it<br>\nC} don't nominate it</p>\n<p>just want to ensure we all are on the same page</p>",
        "id": 199418055,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1591043062
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if it is really <code>P-critical</code> and we miss the release it will be bad</p>",
        "id": 199418095,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591043077
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"120823\">DPC</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/meeting.202020.2E06.2E01/near/199418055\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>the question is: what do we do if a pr is already open to fix the issue? <br>\nA] label as usual,<br>\nB] lower it<br>\nC} don't nominate it</p>\n<p>just want to ensure we all are on the same page</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I'd go with just A</p>",
        "id": 199418173,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591043113
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think we should do A, as sometimes PRs don't pan out and we may end up forgetting important issues</p>",
        "id": 199418191,
        "sender_full_name": "lcnr",
        "timestamp": 1591043121
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it may be nominated if the PR needs to be discussed or may affect something</p>",
        "id": 199418216,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591043134
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok seems like we are on the same page :)</p>",
        "id": 199418332,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591043173
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>what else do we feel can be improved?</p>",
        "id": 199418349,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591043180
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>in my opinion the main meeting per se</p>",
        "id": 199418627,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591043293
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think it's right now sub-optimal</p>",
        "id": 199418661,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591043314
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I have to admit</p>",
        "id": 199418694,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591043334
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it feels a lot \"robotic\" and one-person show at the moment rather than a group effort <span aria-label=\"slight smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f642\" role=\"img\" title=\"slight smile\">:slight_smile:</span></p>",
        "id": 199418698,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1591043334
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Well we’re basically all watching you move stuff around :D</p>",
        "id": 199418703,
        "sender_full_name": "o0Ignition0o - Jeremy Lempereur",
        "timestamp": 1591043338
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I have wondered if we need a label for \"has-pr\"</p>",
        "id": 199418714,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591043342
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>github already puts a little note next to the link to the pr, saying \"this PR will close this issue when it is merged\"</p>",
        "id": 199418759,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591043364
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but that isn't reflected in the metadata for the issues themselves (i.e. the labels)</p>",
        "id": 199418811,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591043377
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it also lists the PRs linked to that issue</p>",
        "id": 199418816,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1591043378
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but there's no way to filter by it</p>",
        "id": 199418826,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1591043384
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so its just hard to track these details down quickly</p>",
        "id": 199418859,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591043401
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess these are separate but related problems: what to do with an issue when a PR to fix it gets opened (but not merged), <em>and</em> how to quickly determine if an issue is in that state</p>",
        "id": 199418978,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591043455
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I’m afraid it might get out of sync if a pr gets closed or something :/</p>",
        "id": 199418986,
        "sender_full_name": "o0Ignition0o - Jeremy Lempereur",
        "timestamp": 1591043458
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that's also a fair problem.</p>",
        "id": 199419004,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591043469
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"120823\">DPC</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/meeting.202020.2E06.2E01/near/199418698\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>it feels a lot \"robotic\" and one-person show at the moment rather than a group effort :)</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>yes this is not what we want and I know we are suffering this problem</p>",
        "id": 199419085,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591043517
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>correct me if I'm wrong, but currently, wg-prioritization does not do a weekly review of all the P-high issues, correct?</p>",
        "id": 199419135,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591043523
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we don't review all P-high rn</p>",
        "id": 199419172,
        "sender_full_name": "lcnr",
        "timestamp": 1591043543
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(back in the day, such a review was part of the weekly pre-triage. but then I become overwhelmed as the pile of P-high issues grew too large to review in a short sitting)</p>",
        "id": 199419191,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591043553
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah we don't do a group review</p>",
        "id": 199419193,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591043555
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I check them to see if there's something we need to nominate</p>",
        "id": 199419214,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591043566
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>in my ideal world, wg-prioritization (or <em>some</em> team/wg) would be able to do such a review</p>",
        "id": 199419225,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591043571
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but that's not a group effort</p>",
        "id": 199419226,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591043571
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/meeting.202020.2E06.2E01/near/199419225\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>in my ideal world, wg-prioritization (or <em>some</em> team/wg) would be able to do such a review</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>yes</p>",
        "id": 199419241,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591043579
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>of course having a lead do it would suffice</p>",
        "id": 199419245,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591043580
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I wonder if  it is possible that if a PR is closed and the issue is marked P-* then the issue is automatically re-requested for prioritisation (a bit of work getting this implemented though)</p>",
        "id": 199419262,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1591043587
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>as long as such a review is happening, then presumably the issue of a <code>has-pr</code> label going out of sync would not be a problem for P-high and P-critical isues</p>",
        "id": 199419291,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591043611
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>just P-medium or below ones</p>",
        "id": 199419296,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591043615
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/meeting.202020.2E06.2E01/near/199419245\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>of course having a lead do it would suffice</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>yeah but I guess we want to do a group effort in general</p>",
        "id": 199419312,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591043623
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so that's something to improve</p>",
        "id": 199419317,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591043627
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>/me is once again distracted by a child and must go afk again</p>",
        "id": 199419390,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1591043649
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>RE: the meeting. I think <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"120823\">@DPC</span> mentioned that would it would nice if we could divide up some of the work and potentially do it concurrently</p>",
        "id": 199419467,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1591043698
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so about things to do in general I'd say that we need to change all the individual procedures for team efforts</p>",
        "id": 199419470,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591043699
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>That would give us meeting time to do other things</p>",
        "id": 199419484,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1591043704
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and I think we want to get rid of the meeting</p>",
        "id": 199419508,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591043716
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"125250\">Wesley Wiser</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/meeting.202020.2E06.2E01/near/199419484\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>That would give us meeting time to do other things</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>yes</p>",
        "id": 199419537,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591043734
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>my idea is to move most of the efforts async</p>",
        "id": 199419559,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591043749
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and maybe have bi-weekly meetings like this one :)</p>",
        "id": 199419576,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591043759
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>more oriented to strategy, planning, etc</p>",
        "id": 199419621,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591043773
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>do we agree on a strategy like that?</p>",
        "id": 199419852,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591043890
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I meant, move most stuff async, automate most stuff and have periodic planning/steering meetings</p>",
        "id": 199419920,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591043935
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>FYI, opened <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/triagebot/issues/591\">triagebot#591</a></p>",
        "id": 199419923,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1591043937
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>by seeing the <span aria-label=\"+1\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44d\" role=\"img\" title=\"+1\">:+1:</span>s I guess we do agree</p>",
        "id": 199420193,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591044078
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so, I think we can talk about how to make that happen</p>",
        "id": 199420234,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591044098
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i have cc'd the wg on the pr</p>",
        "id": 199420334,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1591044138
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we have this up <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/triagebot/pull/579\">https://github.com/rust-lang/triagebot/pull/579</a></p>",
        "id": 199420353,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591044148
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>which helps a bit in automation of what is currently happening in the meeting</p>",
        "id": 199420378,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591044165
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but that needs to be run by someone</p>",
        "id": 199420389,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591044174
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and does everything at one run</p>",
        "id": 199420409,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591044185
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>which is not what we want</p>",
        "id": 199420416,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591044188
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I guess we can keep improving by taking small steps :)</p>",
        "id": 199420448,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591044206
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe it's worth discussing a bit what we are doing right now</p>",
        "id": 199420544,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591044255
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>most of the stuff can be seen starting here <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/pHb6eTZ2Sjy6XZmwXZHIBA#Pre-triage\">https://hackmd.io/pHb6eTZ2Sjy6XZmwXZHIBA#Pre-triage</a></p>",
        "id": 199420562,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591044266
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>prioritizing <code>Unprioritized I-prioritize</code> is already done async</p>",
        "id": 199420584,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591044283
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><code>Regressions</code> part is also async, we are getting closer with stable to stable ones</p>",
        "id": 199420637,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591044314
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think anyway most of the things needs to be done close to the meeting date, so we could do something async but it needs to happen on tuesday</p>",
        "id": 199420759,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591044382
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe instead of having a sync meeting what we could do is start one zulip topic per section of the document and do what's needed but taking the whole day in an async way to do that</p>",
        "id": 199420832,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591044433
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>does something like that sounds reasonable?</p>",
        "id": 199420840,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591044441
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Absolutely</p>",
        "id": 199420868,
        "sender_full_name": "o0Ignition0o - Jeremy Lempereur",
        "timestamp": 1591044460
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok, that's one part</p>",
        "id": 199420891,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591044478
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the other two parts are ... 1. what do we do with nominations?</p>",
        "id": 199420952,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591044492
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe we can automate also nominations, we could also create a topic for nominations</p>",
        "id": 199421020,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591044532
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and our missing there is to check if we should add the nomination to the agenda and we need to bring a small summary about each nominated item</p>",
        "id": 199421075,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591044563
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Having a standardized set of questions might help to structure things?</p>",
        "id": 199421141,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1591044592
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>what needs to be done when something is nominated?</p>",
        "id": 199421217,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1591044612
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>For what we should write in that summary</p>",
        "id": 199421252,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1591044635
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it will be checking if the nomination if for T-compiler</p>",
        "id": 199421285,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591044653
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Mhh, nevermind, I don't think that would help, in the end</p>",
        "id": 199421300,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1591044661
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>sometimes we have a nomination and labels for t-compiler and t-lang</p>",
        "id": 199421307,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591044664
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it may be nominated for t-lang and not t-compiler</p>",
        "id": 199421328,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591044679
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>then yeah we can have a separate zulip thread for each</p>",
        "id": 199421330,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1591044680
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so first we need to check that</p>",
        "id": 199421337,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591044683
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and then come up with a little summary on why is it nominated and some key info</p>",
        "id": 199421350,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591044696
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the idea is to make <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span> life easier during the meeting</p>",
        "id": 199421363,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591044710
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if we do not provide a summary he needs to figure out a lot of things live</p>",
        "id": 199421431,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591044728
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>basically he would need to completely read the issue</p>",
        "id": 199421440,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591044741
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the idea would be that with the summary compiler members may want to read the issue anyway but they will have a clear overview about what's going on</p>",
        "id": 199421483,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591044766
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>for instance ...</p>",
        "id": 199421561,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591044809
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>\"Incorrect non-exhaustive pattern error\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/72476\">#72476</a><ul>\n<li>It is also a regression.<br>\n    - supposedly injected by <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/71930\">PR #71930</a><br>\n    - (assign to Nadrieril?)<br>\n    - Has <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/72506\">an open PR</a> that likely will fix the issue.</li>\n<li>Rejects valid code.</li>\n<li>Really quickly detected (2 days).</li>\n<li>Seems to be a problem when pattern matching on structs/enums which contain a projection.</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 199421563,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591044810
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/meeting.202020.2E06.2E01/near/199420952\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>the other two parts are ... 1. what do we do with nominations?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>back to this, I'd say we should create a zulip topic and try to come up with all this information and conclusions</p>",
        "id": 199421785,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591044899
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>same happens with <code>P-critical</code> issues</p>",
        "id": 199421816,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591044918
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we need to add a summary</p>",
        "id": 199421833,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591044928
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i think that's a good start because it gives a clear picture of what happens when something is nominated or not and how can we improve on it later</p>",
        "id": 199421855,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1591044942
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we seem to clearly need to document all this too :)</p>",
        "id": 199421880,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591044957
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>in part that's what the procedure is about</p>",
        "id": 199421938,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591044970
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(same thing with priotisation - once we split it into threads it made things really clear for me)</p>",
        "id": 199421948,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1591044976
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the procedure is a document</p>",
        "id": 199421949,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591044976
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well it s a bit related to the prio document i started working on, i d love to push it through and land it somewhere</p>",
        "id": 199421993,
        "sender_full_name": "o0Ignition0o - Jeremy Lempereur",
        "timestamp": 1591044999
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but now that we have the script, the procedure could be just a document that helps understanding what we need to do and looks less like pasteable info</p>",
        "id": 199421997,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591045002
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"218578\">o0Ignition0o - Jeremy Lempereur</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/meeting.202020.2E06.2E01/near/199421993\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>well it s a bit related to the prio document i started working on, i d love to push it through and land it somewhere</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>yeah, please open a PR in forge and cc this group</p>",
        "id": 199422065,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591045030
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/meeting.202020.2E06.2E01/near/199420952\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>the other two parts are ... 1. what do we do with nominations?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I've said this was two parts, part 2 is reviewing <code>P-high</code> as <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span> has mentioned</p>",
        "id": 199422176,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591045074
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway, we may want to quickly come up with some actionable things</p>",
        "id": 199422335,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591045139
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>there are some zulip ideas</p>",
        "id": 199422343,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591045143
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>is someone willing to work on some of those?</p>",
        "id": 199422377,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591045157
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I would like to continue pushing the meeting automation forward</p>",
        "id": 199422411,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591045176
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the main script</p>",
        "id": 199422427,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591045182
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>time is up, maybe what we should do is reserve some time from tomorrow's meeting to make a plan out of this discussion?</p>",
        "id": 199422600,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591045233
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>how do we create threads for each section? manually? :P</p>",
        "id": 199422621,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1591045241
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>AUTOMATION!</p>",
        "id": 199422674,
        "sender_full_name": "lcnr",
        "timestamp": 1591045263
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'd love if we can say ... @triagebot prioritization start</p>",
        "id": 199422731,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591045284
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>isn't the meetings on wednesdays? :P</p>",
        "id": 199422740,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1591045289
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and have that opening 7 zulip topics, creating the blank agenda and all that :)</p>",
        "id": 199422770,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591045304
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>cc <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116122\">@simulacrum</span> <span aria-label=\"innocent\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f607\" role=\"img\" title=\"innocent\">:innocent:</span></p>",
        "id": 199422776,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1591045309
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"120823\">DPC</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/meeting.202020.2E06.2E01/near/199422740\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>isn't the meetings on wednesdays? :P</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>yes, I was talking about our meeting which is tomorrow, just in case</p>",
        "id": 199422872,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591045335
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/meeting.202020.2E06.2E01/near/199422770\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>and have that opening 7 zulip topics, creating the blank agenda and all that :)</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>we could slowly turn my \"script\" into this</p>",
        "id": 199422909,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591045353
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/meeting.202020.2E06.2E01/near/199422600\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>time is up, maybe what we should do is reserve some time from tomorrow's meeting to make a plan out of this discussion?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>does this sound good or something?</p>",
        "id": 199423032,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591045408
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess with 20 minutes we could get this sorted</p>",
        "id": 199423043,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591045418
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think we should do so</p>",
        "id": 199423170,
        "sender_full_name": "lcnr",
        "timestamp": 1591045455
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm going to add some of the ideas from this topic into the master document and I guess we could see if there's a way to assign some of this work tomorrow maybe?</p>",
        "id": 199423176,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591045458
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>sure</p>",
        "id": 199423224,
        "sender_full_name": "o0Ignition0o - Jeremy Lempereur",
        "timestamp": 1591045479
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I also believed the wg-prioritization meeting to be in 2 days <span aria-label=\"sweat smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f605\" role=\"img\" title=\"sweat smile\">:sweat_smile:</span></p>",
        "id": 199423242,
        "sender_full_name": "lcnr",
        "timestamp": 1591045486
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh sorry you're both right :)</p>",
        "id": 199423267,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591045498
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it's on wednesday, sorry sorry and <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"120823\">@DPC</span> was right too</p>",
        "id": 199423310,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591045517
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span aria-label=\"slight smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f642\" role=\"img\" title=\"slight smile\">:slight_smile:</span></p>",
        "id": 199423317,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1591045521
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so yeah, on wednesday during that meeting :)</p>",
        "id": 199423350,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591045538
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I was about to say \"timezones\" x)</p>",
        "id": 199423356,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1591045542
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>hehe</p>",
        "id": 199423375,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591045550
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i'm okay with that</p>",
        "id": 199423447,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1591045565
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anything else we need to discuss or we are calling this meeting closed? :D</p>",
        "id": 199423852,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1591045748
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"2403\">@WG-prioritization</span> as a follow up of this meeting, I've created some tasks that I think we should accomplish</p>",
        "id": 199552277,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591131375
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>added all that here <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/P3yvagSSS7yAI2QxhLfPtQ?both#Tasks\">https://hackmd.io/P3yvagSSS7yAI2QxhLfPtQ?both#Tasks</a></p>",
        "id": 199552287,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591131383
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the new ones are ...</p>",
        "id": 199552311,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591131396
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>[Santiago] Make a proposal of an async process and have bi-weekly planning/steering meetings to think about things to improve.<ul>\n<li>start one zulip topic per section of our procedure document and we can work on each section async during the whole day maybe.</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>[Santiago] Document our process, make our existing procedure more like our documentation.<ul>\n<li>We can turn it into something that explains a bit more what we need to do now that the script is more about the procedure.</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>Create a topic per nominations and PRs waiting on team<ul>\n<li>create a topic once an issue is nominated/PR waiting on team.</li>\n<li>send a text with directives on what to do on every nomination or PR waiting on team that is like ...<ul>\n<li>Sanity check if the nomination/pr waiting is really for T-compiler/libs-impl</li>\n<li>We want to add them to the agenda with some basic information about why the issue was nominated/waiting, what's the status, etc</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>Create a topic per P-critical and P-high regressions<ul>\n<li>create a topic once an issue is tagged with P-critical/P-high regression.</li>\n<li>send a text with directives on what to do on every one of them like ...<ul>\n<li>Ping appropriate people and/or ICE-breakers.</li>\n<li>Assign if possible; if it remains unassigned, add it to agenda so we can assign during the meeting.</li>\n<li>Check if there are relevant issues that are worth raising awareness.</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>[Santiago] Move Prioritization meeting automation <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/triagebot/pull/579\">#579</a> forward.</li>\n<li>Propose a strategy to review all <code>P-high</code> issues</li>\n<li>Add command for relabeling issues from Zulip <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/triagebot/issues/591\">#591</a>.</li>\n<li>Add <code>I-prioritize</code> to I-unsound issues that are not <code>requires-nightly</code><ul>\n<li>More info <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/should.20we.20consider.20I-unsound.20issues\">https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/should.20we.20consider.20I-unsound.20issues</a></li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>[pnkfelix] Define if we want to create a <code>has-pr</code> label</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 199552312,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591131396
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I've assigned some of that stuff to myself but there are some with no one assigned, if somebody wants to tackle something from that work it would be great :)</p>",
        "id": 199552381,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1591131432
    }
]