[
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"2403\">@WG-prioritization</span> just in case the meeting is happening at 7pm UTC, I’ve just fixed the compiler team calendar event because it was scheduled for 10pm UTC</p>",
        "id": 192987717,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586136686
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>just in case the meeting starts in 4 hours 53 minutes :)</p>",
        "id": 193046544,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586182048
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>remember to review and add more ideas to the <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/P3yvagSSS7yAI2QxhLfPtQ?view\" title=\"https://hackmd.io/P3yvagSSS7yAI2QxhLfPtQ?view\">Master document</a></p>",
        "id": 193046607,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586182079
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"2403\">@WG-prioritization</span> this meeting starts in 15 minutes</p>",
        "id": 193084315,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586198737
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"2403\">@WG-prioritization</span> <span aria-label=\"wave\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44b\" role=\"img\" title=\"wave\">:wave:</span>, please add a <span aria-label=\"wave\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44b\" role=\"img\" title=\"wave\">:wave:</span> to know who is participating</p>",
        "id": 193086330,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586199613
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(deleted)</p>",
        "id": 193086370,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1586199626
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so, I've create this <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/P3yvagSSS7yAI2QxhLfPtQ?view\" title=\"https://hackmd.io/P3yvagSSS7yAI2QxhLfPtQ?view\">Master doc</a></p>",
        "id": 193086429,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586199656
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>there you will find things that we should discuss, plan and later work on</p>",
        "id": 193086485,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586199688
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the important part is the Tasks section</p>",
        "id": 193086527,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586199713
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>those are kind of titles of things that you will find in the <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/s9ZYktwLQteMsBBsPpKoHA?view\" title=\"https://hackmd.io/s9ZYktwLQteMsBBsPpKoHA?view\">Ideas document</a></p>",
        "id": 193086604,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586199733
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think I can paste them all here and we can start planning</p>",
        "id": 193086644,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586199760
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li><a href=\"https://hackmd.io/s9ZYktwLQteMsBBsPpKoHA#Define-and-document-What-is-a-%E2%80%9Ccritical%E2%80%9D-bug\" title=\"https://hackmd.io/s9ZYktwLQteMsBBsPpKoHA#Define-and-document-What-is-a-%E2%80%9Ccritical%E2%80%9D-bug\">Define and document: What is a “critical” bug?</a></li>\n<li><a href=\"https://hackmd.io/s9ZYktwLQteMsBBsPpKoHA#Define-and-document-How-does-the-group-track-critical-issues-and-when-to-revisit\" title=\"https://hackmd.io/s9ZYktwLQteMsBBsPpKoHA#Define-and-document-How-does-the-group-track-critical-issues-and-when-to-revisit\">Define and document: How does the group track critical issues and when to revisit?</a></li>\n<li><a href=\"https://hackmd.io/s9ZYktwLQteMsBBsPpKoHA#Can-we-do-our-process-async-what-do-we-need\" title=\"https://hackmd.io/s9ZYktwLQteMsBBsPpKoHA#Can-we-do-our-process-async-what-do-we-need\">Can we do our process async? what do we need?</a></li>\n<li><a href=\"https://hackmd.io/s9ZYktwLQteMsBBsPpKoHA#Automate-our-meeting\" title=\"https://hackmd.io/s9ZYktwLQteMsBBsPpKoHA#Automate-our-meeting\">Automate our meeting</a></li>\n<li><a href=\"https://hackmd.io/s9ZYktwLQteMsBBsPpKoHA#Define-areas-of-the-compiler\" title=\"https://hackmd.io/s9ZYktwLQteMsBBsPpKoHA#Define-areas-of-the-compiler\">Define areas of the compiler</a></li>\n<li><a href=\"https://hackmd.io/s9ZYktwLQteMsBBsPpKoHA#Do-we-want-to-split-I-nominated-label-in-two-different-things\" title=\"https://hackmd.io/s9ZYktwLQteMsBBsPpKoHA#Do-we-want-to-split-I-nominated-label-in-two-different-things\">Do we want to split I-nominated label in two different things?</a></li>\n<li><a href=\"https://hackmd.io/s9ZYktwLQteMsBBsPpKoHA#Define-and-document-How-does-the-group-track-critical-issues-and-when-to-revisit-take-2\" title=\"https://hackmd.io/s9ZYktwLQteMsBBsPpKoHA#Define-and-document-How-does-the-group-track-critical-issues-and-when-to-revisit-take-2\">Define and document: How does the group track critical issues and when to revisit? take 2</a></li>\n<li><a href=\"https://hackmd.io/s9ZYktwLQteMsBBsPpKoHA#Sync-on-How-do-other-areasworking-groups-track-priorities\" title=\"https://hackmd.io/s9ZYktwLQteMsBBsPpKoHA#Sync-on-How-do-other-areasworking-groups-track-priorities\">Sync on How do other areas/working groups track priorities?</a></li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 193086645,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586199761
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I would like to introduce 2 people who showed interest in joining this wg - <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"273242\">@Amadeusine</span> and <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"218578\">@o0Ignition0o - Jeremy Lempereur</span></p>",
        "id": 193086660,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1586199778
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>welcome!</p>",
        "id": 193086702,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586199798
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so ... is all that more or less clear?</p>",
        "id": 193086734,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586199816
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hi, thank you! Super excited to be here :)</p>",
        "id": 193086736,
        "sender_full_name": "o0Ignition0o - Jeremy Lempereur",
        "timestamp": 1586199817
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hello everyone, and it's clear. :)</p>",
        "id": 193086777,
        "sender_full_name": "Amadeusine",
        "timestamp": 1586199840
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well I've considered the What is a \"critical\" bug the most urgent thing to do</p>",
        "id": 193086854,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586199871
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>mainly because we would need to add <code>P-critical</code></p>",
        "id": 193086871,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586199879
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the idea there would be to have critical, high, medium, low at least for now and document each of the different priorities</p>",
        "id": 193086979,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586199940
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>unsure if I have too much to say about this one unless someone wants to add something ?</p>",
        "id": 193087063,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586199972
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I just want to echo that</p>",
        "id": 193087087,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1586199988
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I personally wasn't sure what the different priorities meant and I've been around here a while</p>",
        "id": 193087120,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1586200008
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So having them actually documented would be very helpful</p>",
        "id": 193087140,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1586200017
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes</p>",
        "id": 193087153,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586200024
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm not entirely sure how imp't the other priorities are</p>",
        "id": 193087184,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586200048
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I was talking with Niko and actually once we have stuff documented we should push to forge</p>",
        "id": 193087185,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586200049
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>is the list in Define &amp; Document exhaustive? or just a rough guide?</p>",
        "id": 193087211,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1586200063
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116009\">nikomatsakis</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/planning.20meeting.202020-04-06/near/193087184\" title=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/planning.20meeting.202020-04-06/near/193087184\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I'm not entirely sure how imp't the other priorities are</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>yeah, mainly <code>P-medium</code> and <code>P-low</code></p>",
        "id": 193087222,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586200067
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I feel like I'd like to be able to say \"what it means\" to have each priority -- I did like <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span>'s suggestion of using \"frequency with which we will check on progress\", which is very concrete</p>",
        "id": 193087247,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586200081
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe <code>P-critical</code>, <code>P-high</code> and the rest is understandable</p>",
        "id": 193087287,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586200083
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah the frequency idea is in the document too</p>",
        "id": 193087343,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586200123
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess one important thing is ... should we go after the frequency idea now or should we just add <code>P-critical</code> so we can get it going quickly and then move to the hz idea?</p>",
        "id": 193087384,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586200153
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(though in async-await, and maybe in traits too, we also have a notion of like \"sprint\" -- i.e, these are the bugs we're trying to do first -- but that's somehow different from \"high priority\", it's more like an organizational tool than anything; in async-await at least we started using github projects for this)</p>",
        "id": 193087413,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586200170
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/planning.20meeting.202020-04-06/near/193087384\" title=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/planning.20meeting.202020-04-06/near/193087384\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I guess one important thing is ... should we go after the frequency idea now or should we just add <code>P-critical</code> so we can get it going quickly and then move to the hz idea?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> thoughts about this?</p>",
        "id": 193087583,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586200233
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think I would separate them out</p>",
        "id": 193087591,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586200240
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess that P-high's meaning, currently, is something like \"if you're looking for something to do, and have experience, this is a good place to start\"?</p>",
        "id": 193087628,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586200256
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>P-medium and P-low are kind of identical in practice, it seems</p>",
        "id": 193087661,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586200276
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah I guess we could remove one of those</p>",
        "id": 193087705,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586200303
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><code>P-critical</code>, <code>P-high</code> and <code>P-medium</code></p>",
        "id": 193087720,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586200313
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think P-low is useful just to say</p>",
        "id": 193087795,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586200344
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>\"we decided not to prioritize this\"</p>",
        "id": 193087803,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586200348
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh, you're just saying \"anything that is p-low could become p-medium?</p>",
        "id": 193087819,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586200358
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>feels like we just \"shifted by one\" :)</p>",
        "id": 193087823,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586200362
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well yeah, but the meanings are clearly different</p>",
        "id": 193087865,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586200391
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>removing p-medium instead of p-low might nudge people into marking things as p-high when they shouldn't</p>",
        "id": 193087888,
        "sender_full_name": "o0Ignition0o - Jeremy Lempereur",
        "timestamp": 1586200408
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>right now all that's marked as <code>P-high</code> would be in the new scheme or <code>P-high</code> or <code>P-critical</code></p>",
        "id": 193087894,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586200413
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>in a way it's reassering what the meanings were \"meant\" to be. The original idea was:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>P-high: revisit every week, encourage people to stop what they are doing and fix this</li>\n<li>P-medium: bug we'd like to fix...someday....</li>\n<li>P-low: bug we don't plan to fix</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 193087927,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586200434
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"218578\">o0Ignition0o - Jeremy Lempereur</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/planning.20meeting.202020-04-06/near/193087888\" title=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/planning.20meeting.202020-04-06/near/193087888\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>removing p-medium instead of p-low might nudge people into marking things as p-high when they shouldn't</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>ok, let's leave them all :)</p>",
        "id": 193087930,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586200436
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ja i'd prefer to add another one, p-medium (without p-low) and p-low mean different things</p>",
        "id": 193087985,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1586200454
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but somehow we got \"inflation\" around P-high</p>",
        "id": 193087987,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586200455
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess having the 4 then is the right move</p>",
        "id": 193088036,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586200492
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so then the idea is to document those 4 and create the <code>P-critical</code> label</p>",
        "id": 193088082,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586200517
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>let's move on to the next thing then</p>",
        "id": 193088103,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586200531
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think it's useful not to lose the distinction, esp. cause I could imagine this group doing e.g. periodic (say, twice a year...? or just over time...?) reconsideration of medium etc</p>",
        "id": 193088111,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586200536
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Sometimes it feels like:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>P-high: Please fix asap!</li>\n<li>P-medium: Probably not going to be fixed but we'd probably mentor someone interested in fixing it.</li>\n<li>P-low: Patches welcome!</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 193088127,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1586200548
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i'll create the label <span aria-label=\"slight smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f642\" role=\"img\" title=\"slight smile\">:slight_smile:</span></p>",
        "id": 193088202,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1586200578
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we've already covered the next thing which was</p>",
        "id": 193088285,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586200644
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://hackmd.io/s9ZYktwLQteMsBBsPpKoHA#Define-and-document-How-does-the-group-track-critical-issues-and-when-to-revisit\" title=\"https://hackmd.io/s9ZYktwLQteMsBBsPpKoHA#Define-and-document-How-does-the-group-track-critical-issues-and-when-to-revisit\">Define and document: How does the group track critical issues and when to revisit?</a></p>",
        "id": 193088287,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586200645
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well partially I think</p>",
        "id": 193088299,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586200655
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we've covered them all</p>",
        "id": 193088369,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586200689
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I meant, we need to document all the levels and have all the tags</p>",
        "id": 193088384,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586200705
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>let's move on then I'd say</p>",
        "id": 193088394,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586200711
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>P-critical is now a label!</p>",
        "id": 193088404,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1586200720
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>cool, we need to document that properly :)</p>",
        "id": 193088423,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586200737
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>next ...</p>",
        "id": 193088428,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586200739
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://hackmd.io/s9ZYktwLQteMsBBsPpKoHA#Can-we-do-our-process-async-what-do-we-need\" title=\"https://hackmd.io/s9ZYktwLQteMsBBsPpKoHA#Can-we-do-our-process-async-what-do-we-need\">Can we do our process async? what do we need?</a></p>",
        "id": 193088437,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586200748
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>this mainly aims to make the pre-triage meeting async</p>",
        "id": 193088462,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586200778
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>there are anyway some part of the process that at least needs to be checked before the triage meeting</p>",
        "id": 193088545,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586200811
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>like before the meeting I check again if there are new <code>P-critical</code> issues or new nominated stuff</p>",
        "id": 193088584,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586200831
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we also need to check toolstate, performance, etc</p>",
        "id": 193088615,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586200843
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but we can move the most time consuming parts of that meeting which are reviewing issues, prioritizing, assigning those, pinging ice breakers, etc</p>",
        "id": 193088668,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586200878
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>those can be done in an async basis</p>",
        "id": 193088684,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586200890
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>seeing the <span aria-label=\"+1\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44d\" role=\"img\" title=\"+1\">:+1:</span> I guess this is what we want</p>",
        "id": 193088785,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586200935
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yes, please :)</p>",
        "id": 193088836,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1586200967
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so ... what I think we should is to document this</p>",
        "id": 193088841,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586200970
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>:)</p>",
        "id": 193088845,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586200973
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>as soon as we have a document we discuss between us to see if the idea looks good and then push it to our compiler-team page or somewhere to explain how do we do our work</p>",
        "id": 193088886,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586201001
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>thoughts?</p>",
        "id": 193089014,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586201065
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Seems fine to me. Do you want to get into what the idea(s) are now?</p>",
        "id": 193089065,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1586201093
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Or save that for another meeting?</p>",
        "id": 193089083,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1586201102
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>no no, let's just plan</p>",
        "id": 193089089,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586201104
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess we should maybe assign work but we can leave that for the last 20/15 minutes</p>",
        "id": 193089118,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586201125
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I can try to document this, but I'll need someone with more experience to let me know how it usually goes , and what could be async-ed</p>",
        "id": 193089175,
        "sender_full_name": "o0Ignition0o - Jeremy Lempereur",
        "timestamp": 1586201159
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>allow me to jump a bit to this one ...</p>",
        "id": 193089276,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586201195
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://hackmd.io/s9ZYktwLQteMsBBsPpKoHA#Do-we-want-to-split-I-nominated-label-in-two-different-things\" title=\"https://hackmd.io/s9ZYktwLQteMsBBsPpKoHA#Do-we-want-to-split-I-nominated-label-in-two-different-things\">Do we want to split I-nominated label in two different things?</a></p>",
        "id": 193089279,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586201196
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we have defined that already, right?</p>",
        "id": 193089288,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586201205
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>during last weekly</p>",
        "id": 193089302,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586201216
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Seemed like we were in agreement yeah</p>",
        "id": 193089326,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1586201234
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we should maybe just also do it then :)</p>",
        "id": 193089348,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586201247
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>unsure why I've added that one so towards the bottom</p>",
        "id": 193089365,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586201261
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>this is like those easy wins that makes the work easier</p>",
        "id": 193089376,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586201272
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>split the labels into?</p>",
        "id": 193089378,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1586201280
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>to have <code>I-nominated</code> and <code>I-prioritize</code></p>",
        "id": 193089511,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586201334
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/weekly.20meeting.202020-04-02.20.2354818/near/192669596\" title=\"#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/weekly.20meeting.202020-04-02.20.2354818/near/192669596\">https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/weekly.20meeting.202020-04-02.20.2354818/near/192669596</a></p>",
        "id": 193089515,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586201336
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>let's also do that</p>",
        "id": 193089525,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586201342
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>what I worry the most about labels is who should we notify about this? cc <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"120823\">@DPC</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span></p>",
        "id": 193089552,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586201365
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess <code>T-release</code> needs to know this information?</p>",
        "id": 193089573,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586201376
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well <code>T-compiler</code> in general needs to know that there's a new label to assess when things need prioritization</p>",
        "id": 193089655,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586201406
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Seems like an IRLO post would be in order as well</p>",
        "id": 193089662,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1586201410
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes i'll bring it up during the next t-release meeting</p>",
        "id": 193089686,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1586201422
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok cool, IRLO post and maybe we can also create a zulip topic notifying about this</p>",
        "id": 193089716,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586201437
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(on 2020-04-17)</p>",
        "id": 193089720,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1586201437
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(re: new label, I wonder btw if we maybe want to update rustbot too? it'd nice to write e.g. <code>@rustbot prioritize</code> or something?)</p>",
        "id": 193089782,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586201469
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>just in case what that would do? assign <code>I-prioritize</code> label?</p>",
        "id": 193089840,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586201514
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess you're saying this to allow people from outside the org to add that label?</p>",
        "id": 193089895,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586201531
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> can answer that async</p>",
        "id": 193089992,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586201581
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>let's move on</p>",
        "id": 193090000,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586201584
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I want to talk about two more things and then I guess we are ready to split work</p>",
        "id": 193090031,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586201602
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://hackmd.io/s9ZYktwLQteMsBBsPpKoHA#Automate-our-meeting\" title=\"https://hackmd.io/s9ZYktwLQteMsBBsPpKoHA#Automate-our-meeting\">Automate our meeting</a></p>",
        "id": 193090047,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586201610
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(yeah, that's all. I guess it's not really <em>needed</em> since there is that existing syntax <code>@rustbot add label +I-Prioritze</code> or whatever, it's just more complex)</p>",
        "id": 193090084,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1586201625
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span aria-label=\"+1\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44d\" role=\"img\" title=\"+1\">:+1:</span>, makes sense to simplify then</p>",
        "id": 193090158,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586201649
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/planning.20meeting.202020-04-06/near/193090047\" title=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/planning.20meeting.202020-04-06/near/193090047\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><a href=\"https://hackmd.io/s9ZYktwLQteMsBBsPpKoHA#Automate-our-meeting\" title=\"https://hackmd.io/s9ZYktwLQteMsBBsPpKoHA#Automate-our-meeting\">Automate our meeting</a></p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>so the idea briefly is to automate our meeting that we are not having anymore because we are moving to async ?</p>",
        "id": 193090210,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586201676
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>:P</p>",
        "id": 193090220,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586201680
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so ... I think this still applies</p>",
        "id": 193090301,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586201718
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>my idea is that the \"meeting\" should happen anyway</p>",
        "id": 193090326,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586201730
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I meant, we can move most of the stuff to async but at some point, closer to the meeting me or someone else would need to go over all the process and check everything</p>",
        "id": 193090425,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586201773
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>hopefully we won't need to prioritize bugs or anything like that and with the help of automation this should be faster</p>",
        "id": 193090442,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586201795
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah we would still need the meeting for decision making, just a shorter one</p>",
        "id": 193090474,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1586201813
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well depends on what decision making means</p>",
        "id": 193090512,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586201834
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess we can decide priorities of issues async</p>",
        "id": 193090527,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586201843
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'd just open a topic per issue and we can discuss async until we reach a conclusion</p>",
        "id": 193090544,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586201859
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but all that can be done without any kind of organization, at some point we need to check step by step our process</p>",
        "id": 193090648,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586201902
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway, if more or less what's written makes sense and we have an idea about what to do we can move on</p>",
        "id": 193090713,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586201939
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we've discussed this also on a separate topic</p>",
        "id": 193090739,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586201952
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>here <a class=\"stream-topic\" data-stream-id=\"227806\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/Automation.20of.20the.20meeting.20agenda\">#t-compiler/wg-prioritization &gt; Automation of the meeting agenda</a></p>",
        "id": 193090770,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586201972
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>let's move on to the last thing</p>",
        "id": 193090790,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586201984
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://hackmd.io/s9ZYktwLQteMsBBsPpKoHA#Define-areas-of-the-compiler\" title=\"https://hackmd.io/s9ZYktwLQteMsBBsPpKoHA#Define-areas-of-the-compiler\">Define areas of the compiler</a></p>",
        "id": 193090809,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586201995
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I was talking about this with Niko recently</p>",
        "id": 193090887,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586202018
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the idea is to have the different areas of the compiler documented and integrated in the rust-lang/team</p>",
        "id": 193090998,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586202066
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and also we can have per area a set of maintainers</p>",
        "id": 193091013,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586202077
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we could even go fancy and have directories that each area include and maybe with some kind of heuristic automatically tag PRs and things like that</p>",
        "id": 193091069,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586202105
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Maybe we can update and adapt the <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/blob/master/content/experts/map.toml\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/blob/master/content/experts/map.toml\">experts map</a>?</p>",
        "id": 193091099,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1586202117
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we can also have a tag per area</p>",
        "id": 193091100,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586202117
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>exactly, at the end the idea would be to get rid of it</p>",
        "id": 193091152,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586202128
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>to move experts map into this schema</p>",
        "id": 193091161,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586202133
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I guess I can keep moving that thing</p>",
        "id": 193091185,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586202150
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so I guess we can spend this last minutes splitting some of this things</p>",
        "id": 193091207,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586202167
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>going to add names next to task in the <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/P3yvagSSS7yAI2QxhLfPtQ?both\" title=\"https://hackmd.io/P3yvagSSS7yAI2QxhLfPtQ?both\">master document</a></p>",
        "id": 193091243,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586202194
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>sorry for my tardiness. Was the automation topic about automating the T-compiler weekly meeting? Or the pre-traige process for that meeting? Or for some other meeting?</p>",
        "id": 193091280,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1586202223
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>have already added myself to define areas of the compiler</p>",
        "id": 193091297,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586202231
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We can probably do both at the same time?</p>",
        "id": 193091307,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1586202240
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>triage meeting</p>",
        "id": 193091371,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1586202257
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/planning.20meeting.202020-04-06/near/193091280\" title=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/planning.20meeting.202020-04-06/near/193091280\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>sorry for my tardiness. Was the automation topic about automating the T-compiler weekly meeting? Or the pre-traige process for that meeting? Or for some other meeting?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I was mainly thinking about pre-triage but after one is done, would be trivial to do the other one</p>",
        "id": 193091398,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586202275
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/planning.20meeting.202020-04-06/near/193090210\" title=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/planning.20meeting.202020-04-06/near/193090210\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/planning.20meeting.202020-04-06/near/193090047\" title=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/planning.20meeting.202020-04-06/near/193090047\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><a href=\"https://hackmd.io/s9ZYktwLQteMsBBsPpKoHA#Automate-our-meeting\" title=\"https://hackmd.io/s9ZYktwLQteMsBBsPpKoHA#Automate-our-meeting\">Automate our meeting</a></p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>so the idea briefly is to automate our meeting that we are not having anymore because we are moving to async ?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>This confused me</p>",
        "id": 193091409,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1586202281
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Thus my question</p>",
        "id": 193091422,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1586202290
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/planning.20meeting.202020-04-06/near/193091409\" title=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/planning.20meeting.202020-04-06/near/193091409\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/planning.20meeting.202020-04-06/near/193090210\" title=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/planning.20meeting.202020-04-06/near/193090210\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/planning.20meeting.202020-04-06/near/193090047\" title=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/planning.20meeting.202020-04-06/near/193090047\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><a href=\"https://hackmd.io/s9ZYktwLQteMsBBsPpKoHA#Automate-our-meeting\" title=\"https://hackmd.io/s9ZYktwLQteMsBBsPpKoHA#Automate-our-meeting\">Automate our meeting</a></p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>so the idea briefly is to automate our meeting that we are not having anymore because we are moving to async ?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>This confused me</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>yeah, I was implicitly talking about pre-triage</p>",
        "id": 193091442,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586202304
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(because we aren't getting rid of the T-compiler weekly meeting.)</p>",
        "id": 193091448,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1586202308
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Okay, thanks.</p>",
        "id": 193091458,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1586202311
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we will still have both meetings</p>",
        "id": 193091487,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1586202323
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and we want to move the ... hehe yeah yeah, we want kind of get rid of this looong pre-triage meeting</p>",
        "id": 193091494,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586202329
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it currently takes 2hs</p>",
        "id": 193091507,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586202337
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>see it sounds like not everyone agrees about what \"get rid of\" / \"still have\" means...</p>",
        "id": 193091528,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1586202350
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we could do the prioritization separated and then have 1h meeting or 30 minutes meeting</p>",
        "id": 193091536,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586202353
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Though I assume the real point is that we do not want a meeting that is both synchronous and &gt;=2 hours long.</p>",
        "id": 193091593,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1586202374
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah, so the idea is from the pre-triage meeting (2hs long), move the review of each issue, prioritization and all that out of it</p>",
        "id": 193091648,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586202416
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Maybe I should state up front: I never meant for the pre-triage to be a synchronous meeting.</p>",
        "id": 193091661,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1586202423
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/planning.20meeting.202020-04-06/near/193091648\" title=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/planning.20meeting.202020-04-06/near/193091648\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>yeah, so the idea is from the pre-triage meeting (2hs long), move the review of each issue, prioritization and all that out of it</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>and do this async</p>",
        "id": 193091695,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586202446
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it was just meant to be a public record of the pre-triage process that I was doing, where I was inviting feedback</p>",
        "id": 193091697,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1586202447
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah totally</p>",
        "id": 193091707,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586202455
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so we can keep doing that but async</p>",
        "id": 193091713,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586202463
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>each issue on a separate topic</p>",
        "id": 193091717,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586202468
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but didn't require/expect people to participate terribly much or even attend.</p>",
        "id": 193091718,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1586202468
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span aria-label=\"+1\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44d\" role=\"img\" title=\"+1\">:+1:</span></p>",
        "id": 193091722,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586202476
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so ... just in case ... to summarize this a bit ...</p>",
        "id": 193091793,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586202503
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>what we will be trying to move to async is the review of different issues that we need to prioritize, assign and ping ice breakers</p>",
        "id": 193091877,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586202550
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that's the most time consuming part of the meeting</p>",
        "id": 193091895,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586202559
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if we can move more stuff async and everyone is happy with that it's also possible</p>",
        "id": 193091921,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586202572
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>spawning off to separate topics is a <em>really</em> good idea</p>",
        "id": 193091937,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1586202582
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but what I was saying is that at some point, in a synced way, we need to go over all our process anyway</p>",
        "id": 193091946,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586202589
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I think/hope)</p>",
        "id": 193091947,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1586202589
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and that will take possible 30 mins or 1h</p>",
        "id": 193091966,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586202597
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we have 10 more minutes</p>",
        "id": 193092037,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586202618
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>let's try to split some of the work</p>",
        "id": 193092049,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586202624
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I've already added myself to the <code>Define areas of the compiler</code> task</p>",
        "id": 193092091,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586202648
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>actually</p>",
        "id": 193092130,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586202660
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>all we have is</p>",
        "id": 193092138,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586202662
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>Define and document: What is a “critical” bug?</li>\n<li>Define and document: How does the group track critical issues and when to revisit?</li>\n<li>Can we do our process async? what do we need?</li>\n<li>Automate our meeting</li>\n<li>[Santiago] Define areas of the compiler</li>\n<li>Do we want to split I-nominated label in two different things?</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 193092143,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586202664
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I have already started to think about the \"Automate our meeting\" point, so you can assign it to me if needed</p>",
        "id": 193092203,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1586202702
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>splitting of the labels is done, just assigning issues to I-Prioritize is left which can be done during the pre-triage meeting this week</p>",
        "id": 193092226,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1586202715
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think the running intention for P-critical bug is \"release blocker.\" I suspect we need more detail than that, but that does raise a question: Should the release team be involved in that definition? I guess its not strictly necessary to loop them in, but they may have interesting feedback...</p>",
        "id": 193092299,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1586202740
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"120823\">DPC</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/planning.20meeting.202020-04-06/near/193092226\" title=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/planning.20meeting.202020-04-06/near/193092226\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>splitting of the labels is done, just assigning issues to I-Prioritize is left which can be done during the pre-triage meeting this week</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>cool, I think one of the time consuming things about this is communicating</p>",
        "id": 193092318,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586202748
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I can shape a bit better the tasks if people want</p>",
        "id": 193092348,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586202763
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"255061\">@LeSeulArtichaut</span> I'd like to be a fly-on-the-wall for the automation development. In particular, as someone who has had to run the meeting for a long time, I might be a good source of \"user stories\", so to speak.</p>",
        "id": 193092406,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1586202785
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah, I can help with this too :)</p>",
        "id": 193092440,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586202812
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'd like to help, by picking a small task that doesn't require too much knowledge of current processes, but I'm having a hard time to find one. Let me know if there's something you think I can help with.</p>",
        "id": 193092531,
        "sender_full_name": "o0Ignition0o - Jeremy Lempereur",
        "timestamp": 1586202848
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/planning.20meeting.202020-04-06/near/193092406\" title=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/planning.20meeting.202020-04-06/near/193092406\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"255061\">LeSeulArtichaut</span> I'd like to be a fly-on-the-wall for the automation development. In particular, as someone who has had to run the meeting for a long time, I might be a good source of \"user stories\", so to speak.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I had no intentions of doing it alone, don't worry <span aria-label=\"big smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f604\" role=\"img\" title=\"big smile\">:big_smile:</span><br>\nYes, I'll definitely reach you out, I just lacked the time to really do anything these days...</p>",
        "id": 193092555,
        "sender_full_name": "Léo Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1586202860
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"218578\">@o0Ignition0o - Jeremy Lempereur</span> you said you wanted to document something but I don't remember what was it</p>",
        "id": 193092558,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586202862
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>but we can move the most time consuming parts of that meeting which are reviewing issues, prioritizing, assigning those, pinging ice breakers, etc</p>\n</blockquote>",
        "id": 193092647,
        "sender_full_name": "o0Ignition0o - Jeremy Lempereur",
        "timestamp": 1586202903
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"218578\">o0Ignition0o - Jeremy Lempereur</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/planning.20meeting.202020-04-06/near/193092531\" title=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/planning.20meeting.202020-04-06/near/193092531\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I'd like to help, by picking a small task that doesn't require too much knowledge of current processes, but I'm having a hard time to find one. Let me know if there's something you think I can help with.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>so ... maybe you want to document the priority labels thing?</p>",
        "id": 193092673,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586202914
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>sure I'd love to :)</p>",
        "id": 193092713,
        "sender_full_name": "o0Ignition0o - Jeremy Lempereur",
        "timestamp": 1586202929
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>what's left in the first point (to design and document)</p>",
        "id": 193092751,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1586202946
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"218578\">o0Ignition0o - Jeremy Lempereur</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/planning.20meeting.202020-04-06/near/193092713\" title=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/planning.20meeting.202020-04-06/near/193092713\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>sure I'd love to :)</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I can help you</p>",
        "id": 193092762,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586202952
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"120823\">DPC</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/planning.20meeting.202020-04-06/near/193092751\" title=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/planning.20meeting.202020-04-06/near/193092751\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>what's left in the first point (to design and document)</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>didn't get your question</p>",
        "id": 193092822,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586202968
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we are running out of time, I guess does someone else want to take some of this tasks :)</p>",
        "id": 193092855,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586202988
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>Define and document: What is a “critical” bug?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>we have a list already in the Ideas document you shared <span aria-label=\"slight smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f642\" role=\"img\" title=\"slight smile\">:slight_smile:</span></p>",
        "id": 193092881,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1586203000
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes</p>",
        "id": 193092897,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586203010
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>there are a lot of ideas around</p>",
        "id": 193092912,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586203019
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i can take care of the nominated label split</p>",
        "id": 193092985,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1586203061
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"120823\">DPC</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/planning.20meeting.202020-04-06/near/193092985\" title=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/planning.20meeting.202020-04-06/near/193092985\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>i can take care of the nominated label split</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>cool!</p>",
        "id": 193093070,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586203097
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok most stuff is assigned</p>",
        "id": 193093113,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586203124
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the only unassigned is <code>Can we do our process async? what do we need?</code></p>",
        "id": 193093142,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586203141
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I'm not sure if we need to assign this one, I'd need to review a couple of things</p>",
        "id": 193093170,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586203157
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway in any case I'll do what's need</p>",
        "id": 193093188,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586203167
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok I'm going to go over this document again and clarify a bit what do we need to do</p>",
        "id": 193093230,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586203186
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>then let everyone know here</p>",
        "id": 193093253,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586203196
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess this is all</p>",
        "id": 193093261,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586203200
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>thanks <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116266\">@Santiago Pastorino</span></p>",
        "id": 193093322,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1586203209
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>unless someone else have something to say or add?</p>",
        "id": 193093323,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586203210
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span aria-label=\"wave\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44b\" role=\"img\" title=\"wave\">:wave:</span> then!</p>",
        "id": 193093539,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586203314
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm going over this meeting again to tidy up our plan</p>",
        "id": 193374688,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586377846
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>one thing I've noticed though</p>",
        "id": 193374703,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586377852
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"/user_uploads/4715/lqZqJwehKjxjR7ISfXPNnjiQ/image.png\" title=\"image.png\">image.png</a></p>\n<div class=\"message_inline_image\"><a href=\"/user_uploads/4715/lqZqJwehKjxjR7ISfXPNnjiQ/image.png\" title=\"image.png\"><img src=\"/user_uploads/4715/lqZqJwehKjxjR7ISfXPNnjiQ/image.png\"></a></div>",
        "id": 193374708,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586377855
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>just fixed this, <code>I-nominated</code> was still indicating prioritization</p>",
        "id": 193374739,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586377873
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>now I think this is more proper</p>",
        "id": 193374761,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586377882
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we need to communicate and adjust our procedure</p>",
        "id": 193374783,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586377896
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>during today's procedure we didn't include <code>I-prioritize</code> stuff but there's one issue already tagged with it</p>",
        "id": 193374816,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586377917
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>now that we have <code>I-prioritize</code> and <code>I-nominated</code> let's agree on something</p>",
        "id": 193376336,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586378767
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>for instance, regressions ...</p>",
        "id": 193376353,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586378783
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think there are two cases</p>",
        "id": 193376366,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586378792
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>regressions in general needs to be assigned and prioritized, those should be tagged with <code>I-prioritize</code></p>",
        "id": 193376430,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586378837
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>cc <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"120823\">@DPC</span></p>",
        "id": 193376491,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586378873
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>for backports we use <code>beta-nominated</code> and <code>stable-nominated</code> so no issue with those</p>",
        "id": 193376767,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586379014
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't think there's any issue with this, anyway checking :)</p>",
        "id": 193376791,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586379033
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/planning.20meeting.202020-04-06/near/193376430\" title=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/planning.20meeting.202020-04-06/near/193376430\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>regressions in general needs to be assigned and prioritized, those should be tagged with <code>I-prioritize</code></p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Indeed, this seems like something that even a bot could do, right?</p>",
        "id": 193377238,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1586379277
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes</p>",
        "id": 193378876,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1586380080
    }
]