[
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"2403\">@WG-prioritization</span> let's start the pre-triage</p>",
        "id": 198242622,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590001273
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The triage meeting will happen in <a class=\"stream-topic\" data-stream-id=\"238009\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bweekly.20meeting.5D.202020-05-21.20.2354818\">#t-compiler/meetings &gt; [weekly meeting] 2020-05-21 #54818</a></p>",
        "id": 198243193,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590001552
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>sorry for the delay I was adjusting some things</p>",
        "id": 198243206,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590001559
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I have created <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/OL02gcLSR96Qrym6-n5qmA?both\">the agenda</a> we will be building during this meeting</p>",
        "id": 198243267,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590001576
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I've rebumped a ton the script so let's get started</p>",
        "id": 198243287,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590001585
    },
    {
        "content": "<div class=\"codehilite\"><pre><span></span><code>[santiago@galago triagebot (prioritization-meeting-automation)]$ GITHUB_API_TOKEN=&lt;HIDDEN&gt; cargo run --bin prioritization\n   Compiling triagebot v0.1.0 (/home/santiago/src/oss/triagebot)\n    Finished dev [unoptimized + debuginfo] target(s) in 3.45s\n     Running `target/debug/prioritization`\n## Unprioritized I-prioritize\n\n1. [All unprioritized I-prioritize](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+-label%3AP-critical+-label%3AP-high+-label%3AP-medium+-label%3AP-low+label%3AI-prioritize)\n    - Add T-compiler or libs-impl tag when it corresponds.\n    - Do a sanity check on them.\n\n### Issues\n\nEmpty\n\n2. [T-compiler](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3AT-compiler+-label%3AP-critical+-label%3AP-high+-label%3AP-medium+-label%3AP-low+label%3AI-prioritize)\n    - Prioritize issues and remove nomination of the ones not worth discussing.\n    - Tag regressions accordingly.\n    - Ping appropriate people and/or [ICE-breakers](https://rustc-dev-guide.rust-lang.org/ice-breaker/about.html#tagging-an-issue-for-an-ice-breaker-group).\n\n### Issues\n\nEmpty\n\n3. [libs-impl](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Alibs-impl+-label%3AP-critical+-label%3AP-high+-label%3AP-medium+-label%3AP-low+label%3AI-prioritize)\n    - Prioritize issues and remove nomination of the ones not worth discussing.\n    - Tag regressions accordingly.\n    - Ping appropriate people and/or [ICE-breakers](https://rustc-dev-guide.rust-lang.org/ice-breaker/about.html#tagging-an-issue-for-an-ice-breaker-group).\n\n### Issues\n\nEmpty\n\nPress a key to continue ...\n</code></pre></div>",
        "id": 198243400,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590001661
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>pasted that to show the input but well as always everything is prioritized</p>",
        "id": 198243473,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590001687
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>gonna paste things straight here so they look better</p>",
        "id": 198243484,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590001695
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>let's move to the next part</p>",
        "id": 198243493,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590001702
    },
    {
        "content": "<h2>Regressions</h2>\n<ol>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?q=is%3Aopen+label%3Aregression-from-stable-to-beta+-label%3AP-critical+-label%3AP-high+-label%3AP-medium+-label%3AP-low+-label%3AT-infra+-label%3AT-rustdoc\">Beta regressions without P-label</a><p>- Prioritize.<br>\n  - Ping appropriate people and/or <a href=\"https://rustc-dev-guide.rust-lang.org/ice-breaker/about.html#tagging-an-issue-for-an-ice-breaker-group\">ICE-breakers</a>.<br>\n  - Assign if possible; if it remains unassigned, add it to agenda so we can assign during the meeting.</p>\n</li>\n</ol>\n<h3>Issues</h3>\n<p>Empty</p>\n<ol start=\"2\">\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?q=is%3Aopen+label%3Aregression-from-stable-to-nightly+-label%3AP-critical+-label%3AP-high+-label%3AP-medium+-label%3AP-low+-label%3AT-infra+-label%3AT-rustdoc\">Nightly regressions without P-label</a><p>- Prioritize.<br>\n  - Ping appropriate people and/or <a href=\"https://rustc-dev-guide.rust-lang.org/ice-breaker/about.html#tagging-an-issue-for-an-ice-breaker-group\">ICE-breakers</a>.<br>\n  - Assign if possible; if it remains unassigned, add it to agenda so we can assign during the meeting.</p>\n</li>\n</ol>\n<h3>Issues</h3>\n<p>Empty</p>\n<ol start=\"3\">\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?q=is%3Aopen+label%3Aregression-from-stable-to-stable+-label%3AP-critical+-label%3AP-high+-label%3AP-medium+-label%3AP-low+-label%3AT-infra+-label%3AT-rustdoc\">Stable regressions without P-label</a><p>- Prioritize (once we have this under control).<br>\n  - Ping appropriate people and/or <a href=\"https://rustc-dev-guide.rust-lang.org/ice-breaker/about.html#tagging-an-issue-for-an-ice-breaker-group\">ICE-breakers</a>.<br>\n  - Assign if possible; if it remains unassigned, add it to agenda so we can assign during the meeting.</p>\n</li>\n</ol>\n<h3>Issues</h3>\n<ul>\n<li>\"wrapping_neg generates unnecessary instructions\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/72176\">#72176</a></li>\n<li>\"Breaking Change in Vec::truncate drop order between 1.40 -&gt; 1.41\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/68709\">#68709</a></li>\n<li>\"Large ZST arrays take a looong time to compile\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/68010\">#68010</a></li>\n<li>\"Backtrace is &lt;unknown&gt; for dynamic library loaded through dlopen using absolute file path for rust &gt;= 1.37.0 on OSX\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/67599\">#67599</a></li>\n<li>\"Single file takes 30 minutes to compile at opt-level=3, regression from &lt;1 sec\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/66617\">#66617</a></li>\n<li>\"As of 1.37.0, <code>dylib</code> shared libraries no longer support interpositioning of functions defined in C\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/66265\">#66265</a></li>\n<li>\"<code>dylib</code> shared libraries will not make public symbols that may be necessary to link inlined code\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/65610\">#65610</a></li>\n<li>\"1.38 regression ? proc-macro derive panicked if there is r# in front of the attribute name\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/64924\">#64924</a></li>\n<li>\"1.65x performance regression from 1.35.0 to 1.36.0\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/62439\">#62439</a></li>\n<li>\"<code>use Trait::{};</code> acts as <code>use Trait;</code>\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/61826\">#61826</a></li>\n<li>\"Optimization regression in 1.32+\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/59352\">#59352</a></li>\n<li>\"Type mismatching cased by duplicate associated type resolution\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/59326\">#59326</a></li>\n<li>\"ICE: \"could not fully normalize &lt;trait&gt;\" in <a href=\"http://normalize_erasing_regions.rs\">normalize_erasing_regions.rs</a>\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/59324\">#59324</a></li>\n<li>\"__sync_val_compare_and_swap_ linker error\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/58500\">#58500</a></li>\n<li>\"A big regression in tokio-webpush-simple-opt\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/58368\">#58368</a></li>\n<li>\"Code fails to compile with #[derive(Debug)]\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/56593\">#56593</a></li>\n<li>\"Regression: Not well-formed HRTB doesn't compile\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/55498\">#55498</a></li>\n<li>\"regression in compilation times on 1.31.0-nightly (4bd4e4130 2018-10-25)\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/55390\">#55390</a></li>\n<li>\"Performance regression in tight loop since rust 1.25\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/53340\">#53340</a></li>\n<li>\"Performance regression on nightly (when using Cursor::read_exact and Byteorder)\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/47321\">#47321</a></li>\n</ul>\n<p>Press a key to continue ...</p>",
        "id": 198243535,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590001724
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>this means no beta regressions without p-label and no nightly regressions without p-label and given that we are already automatically adding i-prioritize labels to regressions nightly and beta checks without p-labels are not worth anymore</p>",
        "id": 198243632,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590001778
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the list by this new definition will always be empty</p>",
        "id": 198243648,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590001790
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but we have a bunch of stable-to-stable unprioritized regressions as we always had</p>",
        "id": 198243712,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590001807
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>what I want to propose is to start slowly to prioritize all those, not in this meeting but async, until this list is zero</p>",
        "id": 198243761,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590001828
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>all new stable to stable regressions are going to be tagged with <code>I-prioritize</code></p>",
        "id": 198243783,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590001841
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so we can slowly move this number to zero</p>",
        "id": 198243801,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590001849
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>does that sounds good?</p>",
        "id": 198243812,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590001856
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if feels good, I'd suggest we tag 3 or 4 as <code>I-prioritize</code> per week until this number is zero :)</p>",
        "id": 198243869,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590001902
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if someone wants to tag 3 or 4 now would be great :)</p>",
        "id": 198243888,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590001913
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>let's continue meanwhile</p>",
        "id": 198243900,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590001921
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>let's go with nominations now</p>",
        "id": 198244003,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590001969
    },
    {
        "content": "<h2>Stable nominations</h2>\n<ul>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=+label%3Astable-nominated\">All stable nominations</a>                                                                                                                               <br>\n    - Add T-compiler or libs-impl tag when it corresponds.                                                             <br>\n    - Do a sanity check on them.                                                                                       </li>\n</ul>\n<h3>Issues</h3>\n<p>Empty                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         </p>\n<h2>Beta nominations</h2>\n<ul>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=label%3Abeta-nominated\">All beta nominations</a>                                                                                                                                    <br>\n    - Add T-compiler or libs-impl tag when it corresponds.                                                             <br>\n    - Do a sanity check on them.                                                                                                                                                                                                              </li>\n</ul>\n<h3>Issues</h3>\n<ul>\n<li>\"Bump pulldown-cmark\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/71682\">#71682</a></li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 198244005,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590001970
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we have one beta nominations and zero stable nominations</p>",
        "id": 198244045,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590001995
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>beta nomination is rustdoc</p>",
        "id": 198244081,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590002013
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think we should remove from all our searches <code>T-rustdoc</code>, <code>T-release</code> and <code>T-infra</code>, just in case, can you confirm this is ok <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span> ?</p>",
        "id": 198244181,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590002051
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think we have talked about this but I seem to keep forgetting</p>",
        "id": 198244210,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590002064
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if I have confirmation I can modify script and leave these out forever :)</p>",
        "id": 198244255,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590002080
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>let's continue</p>",
        "id": 198244258,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590002082
    },
    {
        "content": "<h2>I-nominated</h2>\n<ol>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/labels/I-nominated\">All I-nominated</a><p>- Add T-compiler or libs-impl tag when it corresponds.<br>\n  - Do a sanity check on them.</p>\n</li>\n</ol>\n<h3>Issues</h3>\n<ul>\n<li>\"Integer overflow on String::drain() with an inclusive range\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/72237\">#72237</a></li>\n<li>\"Convert posix scripts to bash\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/71932\">#71932</a></li>\n<li>\"vec macro into_boxed codegen regression\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/71861\">#71861</a></li>\n<li>\"Add a <code>MustUse</code> trait to complement <code>#[must_use]</code>\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/71816\">#71816</a></li>\n<li>\"clarify interaction of pin drop guarantee and panics\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/71607\">#71607</a></li>\n<li>\"Async execution can get lost during refactoring\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/71368\">#71368</a></li>\n<li>\"Regression in usable type complexity: overflow representing the type <code>...</code>\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/71359\">#71359</a></li>\n<li>\"'rustc' panicked at 'failed to lookup <code>SourceFile</code> in new context'\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/70924\">#70924</a></li>\n<li>\"Ungreat change to doctest test names\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/70090\">#70090</a></li>\n<li>\"Perform WF-check on <code>type</code>s with no type parameters\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/69741\">#69741</a></li>\n<li>\"Breaking Change in Vec::truncate drop order between 1.40 -&gt; 1.41\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/68709\">#68709</a></li>\n<li>\"<code>nth_back()</code> for <code>Zip</code> returns wrong values\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/68536\">#68536</a></li>\n<li>\"Backtrace is &lt;unknown&gt; for dynamic library loaded through dlopen using absolute file path for rust &gt;= 1.37.0 on OSX\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/67599\">#67599</a></li>\n<li>\"Context and Waker might be accidentally <code>Sync</code>\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/66481\">#66481</a></li>\n<li>\"Tracking issue for RFC 2523, <code>#[cfg(version(..))]</code>\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/64796\">#64796</a></li>\n<li>\"COPYRIGHT file is wildly out of date\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/63232\">#63232</a></li>\n<li>\"f32 formatter produces strange results\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/63171\">#63171</a></li>\n<li>\"Arc::drop has a (potentially) dangling shared ref\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/55005\">#55005</a></li>\n<li>\"rustdoc disregards job limit\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/53143\">#53143</a></li>\n<li>\"doctests marked with 'no_run' permit ICEs\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/49514\">#49514</a></li>\n<li>\"Tracking issue for DST coercions (coerce_unsized, unsize) stabilization\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/27732\">#27732</a></li>\n<li>\"repr(packed) allows invalid unaligned loads\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/27060\">#27060</a></li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 198244295,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590002092
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>remember that that's all i-nominated</p>",
        "id": 198244348,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590002115
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>let's see if there's something that needs to be tagged with T-compiler or libs-impl there</p>",
        "id": 198244374,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590002130
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it seems like all the issues have teams assigned</p>",
        "id": 198244481,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590002174
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>let's move then</p>",
        "id": 198244501,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590002187
    },
    {
        "content": "<ol start=\"2\">\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aopen+label%3AI-nominated+label%3AT-compiler\">I-nominated T-compiler</a><p>- Remove leftovers from last meeting.                                                                              <br>\n  - Do a sanity check on them.                                                                                       </p>\n</li>\n</ol>\n<h3>Issues</h3>\n<ul>\n<li>\"Integer overflow on String::drain() with an inclusive range\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/72237\">#72237</a></li>\n<li>\"vec macro into_boxed codegen regression\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/71861\">#71861</a>           </li>\n<li>\"'rustc' panicked at 'failed to lookup <code>SourceFile</code> in new context'\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/70924\">#70924</a></li>\n<li>\"repr(packed) allows invalid unaligned loads\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/27060\">#27060</a></li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 198244513,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590002195
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>actually one important thing</p>",
        "id": 198244574,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590002232
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>last meeting was cancelled so not only we don't have leftovers</p>",
        "id": 198244601,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590002247
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but we also need to merge the two agendas</p>",
        "id": 198244635,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590002269
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>let's sanity check those ...</p>",
        "id": 198244767,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590002326
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>repr one keeps showing up but it's about t-lang really</p>",
        "id": 198244912,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590002397
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the problem is that it's tagged with both t-lang and t-compiler</p>",
        "id": 198244998,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590002415
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I also need to check if we've made a definition about this with <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span></p>",
        "id": 198245021,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590002436
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>let's continue</p>",
        "id": 198245054,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590002456
    },
    {
        "content": "<ol start=\"3\">\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aopen+label%3AI-nominated+label%3Alibs-impl\">I-nominated libs-impl</a><p>- Remove leftovers from last meeting.                                                                              <br>\n  - Do a sanity check on them.                                                                                                                                                                                                              </p>\n</li>\n</ol>\n<h3>Issues</h3>\n<ul>\n<li>\"Integer overflow on String::drain() with an inclusive range\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/72237\">#72237</a></li>\n<li>\"Regression in usable type complexity: overflow representing the type <code>...</code>\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/71359\">#71359</a></li>\n<li>\"<code>nth_back()</code> for <code>Zip</code> returns wrong values\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/68536\">#68536</a></li>\n<li>\"Backtrace is &lt;unknown&gt; for dynamic library loaded through dlopen using absolute file path for rust &gt;= 1.37.0 on OSX\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/67599\">#67599</a></li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 198245056,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590002457
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>again, there are no leftovers, let's sanity check</p>",
        "id": 198245078,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590002469
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>this is ok</p>",
        "id": 198245144,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590002515
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>let's move on</p>",
        "id": 198245169,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590002523
    },
    {
        "content": "<h2>PR's waiting for on team</h2>\n<ol>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3AS-waiting-on-team\">All PR's waiting on team</a>   <p>- Add T-compiler or libs-impl tag when it corresponds.                                                                                                                                                                                    <br>\n  - Do a sanity check on them.         </p>\n</li>\n</ol>\n<h3>Issues</h3>\n<ul>\n<li>\"Perform WF-check on <code>type</code>s with no type parameters\" <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/69741\">#69741</a>         </li>\n</ul>\n<ol start=\"2\">\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3AS-waiting-on-team+label%3AT-compiler\">PR's waiting on T-compiler</a>                                                                                                     <p>- Explicitly nominate any that you think may be able to be resolved <em>quickly</em> in triage meeting.                                                                                                                                          </p>\n</li>\n</ol>\n<h3>Issues</h3>\n<p>Empty                                                                                                                  </p>\n<ol start=\"3\">\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3AS-waiting-on-team+label%3Alibs-impl\">PR's waiting on libs-impl</a>                                                                                                       <p>- Explicitly nominate any that you think may be able to be resolved <em>quickly</em> in triage meeting.                                                                                                                                          </p>\n</li>\n</ol>\n<h3>Issues</h3>\n<p>Empty</p>",
        "id": 198245241,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590002559
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it seems like there's only one PR waiting but on t-lang</p>",
        "id": 198245280,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590002587
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>checking just in case</p>",
        "id": 198245290,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590002591
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah it seems like that</p>",
        "id": 198245333,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590002626
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so, as you may have noted I've reorganized the meeting a bit different</p>",
        "id": 198245429,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590002668
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and we are now done with the first part which I'd call preparation for the agenda :)</p>",
        "id": 198245464,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590002693
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>next part the script dumps the agenda</p>",
        "id": 198245517,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590002723
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Btw <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116266\">@Santiago Pastorino</span> did you put the script somewhere, e.g. on GitHub?</p>",
        "id": 198245839,
        "sender_full_name": "LÃ©o Lanteri Thauvin",
        "timestamp": 1590002893
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>gonna push soon :)</p>",
        "id": 198245871,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590002913
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I was having a little trouble, seems like something I've recently changed broke something related to the agenda</p>",
        "id": 198245897,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590002932
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway, can fix it later</p>",
        "id": 198245904,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590002935
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so the steps are:</p>",
        "id": 198245994,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590002977
    },
    {
        "content": "<ol>\n<li>do work the work that will prepare everything to build an agenda (what we've just done)</li>\n</ol>",
        "id": 198246098,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590003012
    },
    {
        "content": "<ol start=\"2\">\n<li>dump the agenda</li>\n</ol>",
        "id": 198246106,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590003017
    },
    {
        "content": "<ol start=\"3\">\n<li>read how packed the agenda looks like and check if we can add more stuff</li>\n</ol>",
        "id": 198246142,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590003036
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I couldn't properly dump the agenda</p>",
        "id": 198246161,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590003045
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but</p>",
        "id": 198246162,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590003045
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we can 100% sure tell that the agenda will be packed because we have what we had for last meeting plus this one :)</p>",
        "id": 198246193,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590003063
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway, let's go through the steps just in case we find something outstanding</p>",
        "id": 198246229,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590003081
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so next part would be ...</p>",
        "id": 198246526,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590003240
    },
    {
        "content": "<h3>Nominate issues</h3>\n<p>Check how packed the agenda looks like and if there's room for more, consider the following ...</p>\n<ul>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/labels/regression-from-stable-to-beta\">All Stable-to-beta regressions</a><ul>\n<li>Check if there are relevant issues that are worth raising awareness.</li>\n<li>Assign if possible; if it remains unassigned, add it to agenda so we can assign during the meeting.</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/labels/regression-from-stable-to-nightly\">All Stable-to-nightly regressions</a><ul>\n<li>Check if there are relevant issues that are worth raising awareness.</li>\n<li>Assign if possible; if it remains unassigned, add it to agenda so we can assign during the meeting.</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3AT-compiler+label%3AP-high+\">P-high issues</a><ul>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3AT-compiler+label%3AP-high+no%3Aassignee\">unassigned</a></li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 198246527,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590003240
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't see anything outstanding</p>",
        "id": 198246687,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590003309
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>given how packed the agenda is ...</p>",
        "id": 198246698,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590003316
    },
    {
        "content": "<h3>Announcements</h3>\n<ul>\n<li>Check the compiler calendar to see if there's an outstanding event to announce.</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 198246745,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590003339
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>there's a design meeting on friday</p>",
        "id": 198246782,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590003357
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that's all I think</p>",
        "id": 198246842,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590003374
    },
    {
        "content": "<h3>Toolstate</h3>\n<ul>\n<li>Check <a href=\"https://rust-lang-nursery.github.io/rust-toolstate/\">toolstate</a> for outstanding tool breakage.<ul>\n<li>Notify teams in the corresponding channels</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 198246856,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590003383
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>clippy, miri, rls and rustfmt are broken, cc <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"120823\">@DPC</span> about this</p>",
        "id": 198246909,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590003418
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>would be great to think about this step, automating it in some way or something but I don't see us doing something useful here :)</p>",
        "id": 198246962,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590003455
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>let's move on</p>",
        "id": 198246990,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590003470
    },
    {
        "content": "<h3>Performance regressions</h3>\n<ul>\n<li>Check <a href=\"http://perf.rust-lang.org/index.html\">perf regressions</a>.<ul>\n<li>Notify involved actors.</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 198246992,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590003470
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>release is on 2020-06-04 and I don't see any prs fixing the broken ones. Updating the respective teams</p>",
        "id": 198247038,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1590003483
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The opt incremental regression is expected <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/71840#issuecomment-625919572\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/71840#issuecomment-625919572</a></p>",
        "id": 198247214,
        "sender_full_name": "Wesley Wiser",
        "timestamp": 1590003573
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>about regressions I was going to say, I don't see anything \"new\"</p>",
        "id": 198247245,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590003595
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>there's some stuff we've already talked about</p>",
        "id": 198247325,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590003616
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so I think this is more or less all</p>",
        "id": 198247344,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590003636
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>a couple of things before closing up</p>",
        "id": 198247367,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590003647
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>unsure how many people that do not understand this process is reading and trying to help with this effort but please send me a private message and I'd love to explain step by step</p>",
        "id": 198247455,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590003706
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>also, I'm going to build the agenda right after the meeting</p>",
        "id": 198247479,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590003721
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>going to work in the script and publish it somewhere, as a next step would be nice to polish it up a bit and integrating it with zulip bots</p>",
        "id": 198247565,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590003759
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>will share here once I have the agenda and the script, script won't be today :)</p>",
        "id": 198247619,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590003788
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and last thing, if everyone agrees I'm going to change this meeting again to be a 1h meeting starting 1h later</p>",
        "id": 198247660,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590003822
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>because it's not 2hs long anymore fortunately :)</p>",
        "id": 198247680,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590003835
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/pre-meeting.20triage.202020-05-21.20.2354818/near/198247660\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>and last thing, if everyone agrees I'm going to change this meeting again to be a 1h meeting starting 1h later</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"2403\">@WG-prioritization</span> <span aria-label=\"point up\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f446\" role=\"img\" title=\"point up\">:point_up:</span></p>",
        "id": 198247748,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590003856
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that's all I guess, <span aria-label=\"wave\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44b\" role=\"img\" title=\"wave\">:wave:</span></p>",
        "id": 198247764,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590003870
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(deleted)</p>",
        "id": 198247785,
        "sender_full_name": "DPC",
        "timestamp": 1590003881
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>sorry for my absence, let me try to follow up on the back scroll now</p>",
        "id": 198250781,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1590005392
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/pre-meeting.20triage.202020-05-21.20.2354818/near/198244181\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I think we should remove from all our searches <code>T-rustdoc</code>, <code>T-release</code> and <code>T-infra</code>, just in case, can you confirm this is ok <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> ?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>we can probably remove <code>T-release</code> and <code>T-infra</code>. In general the whole \"add T-compiler when it corresponds\" was probably meant for issues that had no other team label. But given that we have agreed to take on beta-backport approval duties for T-libs, I do wonder if we implicitly have the same responsibility for T-rustdoc .... is there even an actual rustdoc team at this point?</p>",
        "id": 198251179,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1590005569
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>unsure but this issue may be important then ...</p>",
        "id": 198251357,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590005673
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116083\">@pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/I-prioritize.20.2372340.20Regression.3A.20.60.5BBody.3A.3Aempty.5D.60.20cannot.20be.20re\">https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/I-prioritize.20.2372340.20Regression.3A.20.60.5BBody.3A.3Aempty.5D.60.20cannot.20be.20re</a></p>",
        "id": 198251459,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590005734
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/pre-meeting.20triage.202020-05-21.20.2354818/near/198244912\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>repr one keeps showing up but it's about t-lang really</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>lang team is finally done with that topic, I think. I left a comment on issue <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/27060\">#27060</a> and am removing the nomination.</p>",
        "id": 198251665,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1590005825
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116083\">pnkfelix</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/227806-t-compiler.2Fwg-prioritization/topic/pre-meeting.20triage.202020-05-21.20.2354818/near/198251179\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>But given that we have agreed to take on beta-backport approval duties for T-libs, I do wonder if we implicitly have the same responsibility for T-rustdoc .... is there even an actual rustdoc team at this point?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Okay I checked in discord. There is a skeleton crew of people working to fix rustdoc when they can, but we should not rely on them for things like approving backports or evaluating regressions</p>",
        "id": 198252534,
        "sender_full_name": "pnkfelix",
        "timestamp": 1590006292
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"2403\">@WG-prioritization</span> yesterday I had to leave quickly and forgot to mention that the agenda was ready</p>",
        "id": 198319034,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590066992
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://hackmd.io/OL02gcLSR96Qrym6-n5qmA?view\">https://hackmd.io/OL02gcLSR96Qrym6-n5qmA?view</a></p>",
        "id": 198319043,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590067003
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>in case people want to take a look at it</p>",
        "id": 198319053,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590067009
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>would be nice to explain why nominations are there</p>",
        "id": 198319059,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590067016
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>going to do that now so we have this ready before the meeting</p>",
        "id": 198319065,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1590067021
    }
]