<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>all hands meeting planning · t-compiler · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/index.html">t-compiler</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html">all hands meeting planning</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="156773158"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156773158" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156773158">(Jan 24 2019 at 13:50)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hello <span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="492">@T-compiler</span>,</p>
<p>I started sketching out <strong>possible</strong> meetings in <a href="https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Compiler-Rust-All-Hands-2019--AWMRpux2itTQdQariwmdyBfkAg-X8kkUEyVBZmXSzYe6ZCQn" target="_blank" title="https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Compiler-Rust-All-Hands-2019--AWMRpux2itTQdQariwmdyBfkAg-X8kkUEyVBZmXSzYe6ZCQn">this dropbox paper document</a>. This isn't really a complete list but I'd appreciate feedback on meetings that may be missing, or on agenda items. </p>
<p>I'm particularly interested in identifying the key unknowns or things where consensus would be useful, as that will help to judge the priority of meetings -- also on "homework" we can setup beforehand to help people get up to speed. Feel free to leave comments in dropbox paper or on this zulip thread.</p>
<p>(Also, there is a bunch of old material at the end I've not deleted yet.)</p>
<p>I think we plan over next few days to try and make a more concrete schedule so having this information get more concrete is great.</p>



<a name="156773196"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156773196" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156773196">(Jan 24 2019 at 13:50)</a>:</h4>
<p>(ps, I'm using Dropbox paper for this for a few reasons: it's nice to edit, I like the 'comment' feature, and I expect it will be a major organizational tool at the All Hands.)</p>



<a name="156775386"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156775386" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156775386">(Jan 24 2019 at 14:23)</a>:</h4>
<p>Let me post a few specific questions here</p>



<a name="156775489"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156775489" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156775489">(Jan 24 2019 at 14:24)</a>:</h4>
<p>First off, for everyone:</p>
<p>The agenda for the <a href="https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Compiler-Rust-All-Hands-2019--AWMRpux2itTQdQariwmdyBfkAg-X8kkUEyVBZmXSzYe6ZCQn#:uid=470035453171474089634893&amp;h2=Topic:-Organizational-Planning" target="_blank" title="https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Compiler-Rust-All-Hands-2019--AWMRpux2itTQdQariwmdyBfkAg-X8kkUEyVBZmXSzYe6ZCQn#:uid=470035453171474089634893&amp;h2=Topic:-Organizational-Planning">Organizational Meeting</a> is something we didn't really talk about at the Planning Meeting. Are there missing things? Is it too diverse? I could see trying to split out a separate meeting. On the other hand, we <em>do</em> have 2 hours, which might be enough.</p>



<a name="156775669"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156775669" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156775669">(Jan 24 2019 at 14:27)</a>:</h4>
<p>For <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="124287">@mw</span>, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116466">@Zoxc</span>, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="138448">@Josh Stone</span>:</p>
<p>I wrote in a <a href="https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Compiler-Rust-All-Hands-2019--AWMRpux2itTQdQariwmdyBfkAg-X8kkUEyVBZmXSzYe6ZCQn#:uid=371185506475031743831660&amp;h2=Topic:-rustc-parallelization" target="_blank" title="https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Compiler-Rust-All-Hands-2019--AWMRpux2itTQdQariwmdyBfkAg-X8kkUEyVBZmXSzYe6ZCQn#:uid=371185506475031743831660&amp;h2=Topic:-rustc-parallelization">rustc parallelization meeting</a>. I think that'd be a good thing to do, although <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116466">@Zoxc</span> won't be present. It'd probably be good to setup a few goals before hand (e.g., I don't think we want a Rayon fork long term -- I imagine we either want to use standard Rayon, or to roll our own, very simple threadpool, but not something in between). Are there other bits of research or write-ups we should produce? Who will do them?</p>



<a name="156775923"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156775923" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156775923">(Jan 24 2019 at 14:30)</a>:</h4>
<p>For <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="131694">@scalexm</span> and others from <span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="692">@WG-compiler-traits</span>, perhaps <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="126931">@centril</span>:</p>
<p>I put in two Chalk meetings, one on the <a href="https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Compiler-Rust-All-Hands-2019--AWMRpux2itTQdQariwmdyBfkAg-X8kkUEyVBZmXSzYe6ZCQn" target="_blank" title="https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Compiler-Rust-All-Hands-2019--AWMRpux2itTQdQariwmdyBfkAg-X8kkUEyVBZmXSzYe6ZCQn">"lowering rules"</a> and one on <a href="https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Compiler-Rust-All-Hands-2019--AWMRpux2itTQdQariwmdyBfkAg-X8kkUEyVBZmXSzYe6ZCQn" target="_blank" title="https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Compiler-Rust-All-Hands-2019--AWMRpux2itTQdQariwmdyBfkAg-X8kkUEyVBZmXSzYe6ZCQn">"implementation details"</a>. The former I think overlaps somewhat with T-lang. The latter contains both some traits-specific questions but also some broader ones (e.g., the tcx). I'm not sure if we'll have time for both, but it'd be good to maybe leave thoughts on possible agenda items, deliverables, and the like.</p>
<p>Also, are there other trait-related topics? I could see e.g. trying to work out trait object upcasting.</p>



<a name="156776411"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156776411" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156776411">(Jan 24 2019 at 14:37)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="124288">@Oli</span> / <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="126931">@centril</span>:</p>
<p>Are there things that we need to <strong>decide</strong> about <a href="https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Compiler-Rust-All-Hands-2019--AWMRpux2itTQdQariwmdyBfkAg-X8kkUEyVBZmXSzYe6ZCQn#:uid=875044397257538793882044&amp;h2=Topic:-miri-+-const-generics" target="_blank" title="https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Compiler-Rust-All-Hands-2019--AWMRpux2itTQdQariwmdyBfkAg-X8kkUEyVBZmXSzYe6ZCQn#:uid=875044397257538793882044&amp;h2=Topic:-miri-+-const-generics">const generics</a>? Would it be better to do a "lecture series" video on the topic?</p>



<a name="156776443"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156776443" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Wesley Wiser <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156776443">(Jan 24 2019 at 14:37)</a>:</h4>
<p>From the paper doc:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>Estimate impact of inlining perhaps?</p>
</blockquote>
<p>I have a <em>very</em> early prototype of MIR based inlining that can build a stage2 rustc. I've tried doing a <code>rustc-perf</code> run locally and the results are negligible. Would it be worth pushing my changes as a WIP branch and getting somebody else to look at them? Given that the results are very close to <br>
+/- 0%, I'm probably doing something completely wrong.</p>



<a name="156776562"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156776562" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> davidtwco <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156776562">(Jan 24 2019 at 14:38)</a>:</h4>
<p>If you're looking for topics to fill time, you previously mentioned discussing <a href="#narrow/stream/147480-t-compiler.2Fdiagnostics/topic/borrowck.20vocabulary" title="#narrow/stream/147480-t-compiler.2Fdiagnostics/topic/borrowck.20vocabulary">borrowck vocabulary</a>.</p>



<a name="156776631"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156776631" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156776631">(Jan 24 2019 at 14:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>Ah, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116107">@davidtwco</span>, that reminds me, thanks =) I wanted to add something about 2PB</p>



<a name="156776638"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156776638" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156776638">(Jan 24 2019 at 14:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>But also diagnostics</p>



<a name="156776648"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156776648" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156776648">(Jan 24 2019 at 14:40)</a>:</h4>
<p>I doubt we'll have time for all this, but then there may be some amount of slack</p>



<a name="156776707"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156776707" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156776707">(Jan 24 2019 at 14:40)</a>:</h4>
<p>actually I figure this sort of list is useful, as even after all hands we can try to have these conversations</p>



<a name="156776841"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156776841" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156776841">(Jan 24 2019 at 14:42)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116009">@nikomatsakis</span>  did you want discussion of "Measure performance impact of local interners" <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/57214" target="_blank" title="https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/57214">#57214</a> to be considered part of the item "e.g., interning pools and so forth" ? I suspect not since this is more about the local vs global interning, right?</p>



<a name="156776846"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156776846" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> oli <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156776846">(Jan 24 2019 at 14:42)</a>:</h4>
<blockquote>
<p>Are there things that we need to <strong>decide</strong> about <a href="https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Compiler-Rust-All-Hands-2019--AWMRpux2itTQdQariwmdyBfkAg-X8kkUEyVBZmXSzYe6ZCQn#:uid=875044397257538793882044&amp;h2=Topic:-miri-+-const-generics" target="_blank" title="https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Compiler-Rust-All-Hands-2019--AWMRpux2itTQdQariwmdyBfkAg-X8kkUEyVBZmXSzYe6ZCQn#:uid=875044397257538793882044&amp;h2=Topic:-miri-+-const-generics">const generics</a>? Would it be better to do a "lecture series" video on the topic?</p>
</blockquote>
<p>I don't think there's much to be discussed, most of the things are simply taking their time in the RFC process</p>



<a name="156777172"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156777172" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156777172">(Jan 24 2019 at 14:47)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="124288">@Oli</span> ok, I also had this sense. There is a meta question about <strong>process</strong> but...</p>



<a name="156777188"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156777188" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156777188">(Jan 24 2019 at 14:47)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116083">@pnkfelix</span> I was wondering where to fit that in</p>



<a name="156777190"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156777190" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> oli <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156777190">(Jan 24 2019 at 14:48)</a>:</h4>
<p>yeaaa I didn't want to bring it up :D</p>



<a name="156777250"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156777250" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156777250">(Jan 24 2019 at 14:48)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116009">@nikomatsakis</span> compiler performance?</p>



<a name="156777276"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156777276" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156777276">(Jan 24 2019 at 14:48)</a>:</h4>
<p>wait is that even a topic ... /me looks</p>



<a name="156777278"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156777278" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> oli <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156777278">(Jan 24 2019 at 14:48)</a>:</h4>
<p>but if we need a guinnea pig for trying out a new way to do RFCs, <a href="https://github.com/rust-rfcs/const-eval/pull/8" target="_blank" title="https://github.com/rust-rfcs/const-eval/pull/8">https://github.com/rust-rfcs/const-eval/pull/8</a> can be used</p>



<a name="156777296"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156777296" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156777296">(Jan 24 2019 at 14:49)</a>:</h4>
<blockquote>
<p>yeaaa I didn't want to bring it up :D</p>
</blockquote>
<p>I think we'll be discussing process as part of lang team -- probably compiler team should be involved. Still turning that over in my head a bit.</p>



<a name="156777337"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156777337" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156777337">(Jan 24 2019 at 14:49)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116083">@pnkfelix</span> I don't have a "compiler performance" meeting, seemed too broad. I think that interning pools do impact RLS, that particular PR is also relevant to chalk and other things</p>



<a name="156777404"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156777404" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156777404">(Jan 24 2019 at 14:50)</a>:</h4>
<p>oh well if it impacts RLS then lets fold it in there</p>



<a name="156777442"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156777442" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> mw <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156777442">(Jan 24 2019 at 14:50)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think that would also be part of the broader resource management question</p>



<a name="156777452"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156777452" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156777452">(Jan 24 2019 at 14:51)</a>:</h4>
<p>well it feels mildly distinct</p>



<a name="156777458"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156777458" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156777458">(Jan 24 2019 at 14:51)</a>:</h4>
<p>but releant</p>



<a name="156777465"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156777465" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> mw <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156777465">(Jan 24 2019 at 14:51)</a>:</h4>
<p>i.e. we use interning a lot and we should talk about how impacts long-running compiler processes</p>



<a name="156777470"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156777470" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156777470">(Jan 24 2019 at 14:51)</a>:</h4>
<p>in particular, the "short-lived intern pools" aren't really the question that the RLS needs to wrestle with. OTOH, if we remove them, it may increase pressure on the "global pool"</p>



<a name="156777477"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156777477" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156777477">(Jan 24 2019 at 14:51)</a>:</h4>
<p>but perhaps an overall review of interning is fine</p>



<a name="156777491"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156777491" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156777491">(Jan 24 2019 at 14:51)</a>:</h4>
<p>where is resource management as a topic?</p>



<a name="156777492"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156777492" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156777492">(Jan 24 2019 at 14:51)</a>:</h4>
<p>I don't see us having time for that during the RLS discussion</p>



<a name="156777497"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156777497" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156777497">(Jan 24 2019 at 14:51)</a>:</h4>
<p>well, maybe, but not in great depth</p>



<a name="156777549"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156777549" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> mw <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156777549">(Jan 24 2019 at 14:52)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116083">@pnkfelix</span> not in the list yet, but I suggested it in a comment there</p>



<a name="156777552"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156777552" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156777552">(Jan 24 2019 at 14:52)</a>:</h4>
<p>that actually fits into another question I had</p>



<a name="156777573"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156777573" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156777573">(Jan 24 2019 at 14:52)</a>:</h4>
<p>which is, do we want sometime to sketch out in more <em>depth</em> stuff like end-to-end queries?</p>



<a name="156777585"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156777585" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156777585">(Jan 24 2019 at 14:52)</a>:</h4>
<p>( or do we envision doing that in the RLS )</p>



<a name="156777587"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156777587" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156777587">(Jan 24 2019 at 14:52)</a>:</h4>
<blockquote>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="116083">@pnkfelix</span> not in the list yet, but I suggested it in a comment there</p>
</blockquote>
<p>I skimmed paper and do not see ... well, any comments on the right-hand margin</p>



<a name="156777596"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156777596" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156777596">(Jan 24 2019 at 14:52)</a>:</h4>
<p>is that where you left it?</p>



<a name="156777597"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156777597" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156777597">(Jan 24 2019 at 14:52)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think I added it to the lsit</p>



<a name="156777598"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156777598" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156777598">(Jan 24 2019 at 14:53)</a>:</h4>
<p>and resolved the question</p>



<a name="156777609"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156777609" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> mw <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156777609">(Jan 24 2019 at 14:53)</a>:</h4>
<p>ah, ok</p>



<a name="156777612"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156777612" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156777612">(Jan 24 2019 at 14:53)</a>:</h4>
<p>/me looks again</p>



<a name="156777635"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156777635" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156777635">(Jan 24 2019 at 14:53)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116083">@pnkfelix</span> this is the comment you were referring to initially</p>



<a name="156777642"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156777642" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156777642">(Jan 24 2019 at 14:53)</a>:</h4>
<p>I added that in response to something <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="124287">@mw</span> wrote</p>



<a name="156777643"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156777643" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> mw <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156777643">(Jan 24 2019 at 14:53)</a>:</h4>
<p>niko added as sub-point</p>



<a name="156777648"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156777648" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156777648">(Jan 24 2019 at 14:53)</a>:</h4>
<p>oh okay, so I've come full circle.</p>



<a name="156777703"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156777703" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156777703">(Jan 24 2019 at 14:54)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm going to add a link to the PR somewhere in that case. Either in a comment or in a further subbullet.</p>



<a name="156777912"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156777912" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nagisa <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156777912">(Jan 24 2019 at 14:57)</a>:</h4>
<blockquote>
<p>Estimate impact of inlining perhaps?</p>
</blockquote>
<p>inlining has little benefit (in fact -- it is harmful to an extent) without other optimisations, of which we currently have very few/basic currently.</p>



<a name="156778019"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156778019" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> mw <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156778019">(Jan 24 2019 at 14:58)</a>:</h4>
<p>would be interesting if MIR inlining has an effect on compile times (because LLVM has to do less of it)</p>



<a name="156778102"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156778102" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156778102">(Jan 24 2019 at 14:59)</a>:</h4>
<p>right, my main interest is compilation time</p>



<a name="156778186"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156778186" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156778186">(Jan 24 2019 at 15:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>we have in the past theorized that <code>len</code>, <code>transmute</code> and other such things would benefit</p>



<a name="156778200"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156778200" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nagisa <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156778200">(Jan 24 2019 at 15:00)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="124287">@mw</span> dubious we would see any notable benefits – LLVM/codegen would have to deal with more of the IR initially (as code would now be duplicated across all monomorphisations) and LLVM’s own structures are way more suited than current MIR for mutation that inlining involves.</p>



<a name="156778242"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156778242" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nagisa <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156778242">(Jan 24 2019 at 15:01)</a>:</h4>
<p>I anticipate benefits down the road once we can optimise the inlined MIR to remove unnecessary stuff, though.</p>



<a name="156778406"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156778406" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Wesley Wiser <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156778406">(Jan 24 2019 at 15:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>Currently, I'm not seeing much of an effect at all. Which might mean my prototype is just broken. Or it might mean it's not currently helpful and is something we should table for now.</p>



<a name="156781874"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156781874" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> davidtwco <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156781874">(Jan 24 2019 at 15:42)</a>:</h4>
<p>Another potential topic could be compiletest improvements - moving things to UI tests, improving compiletest's tests, other desired improvements. There was some discussion of this a few months ago.</p>



<a name="156781929"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156781929" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> QuietMisdreavus <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156781929">(Jan 24 2019 at 15:43)</a>:</h4>
<p>coincidentally, i'm planning on a test improvements meeting for rustdoc, lol</p>



<a name="156782028"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156782028" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156782028">(Jan 24 2019 at 15:44)</a>:</h4>
<blockquote>
<p>Another potential topic could be compiletest improvements - moving things to UI tests, improving compiletest's tests, other desired improvements. There was some discussion of this a few months ago.</p>
</blockquote>
<p>Yeah I've been musing at times about trying to take ownership of <code>compiletest</code> itself and see if we can fix various things in it.</p>



<a name="156782197"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156782197" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nagisa <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156782197">(Jan 24 2019 at 15:46)</a>:</h4>
<p>fwiw, optimize(...) PR adds multiple improvements to codegen tests too.</p>



<a name="156782235"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156782235" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nagisa <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156782235">(Jan 24 2019 at 15:46)</a>:</h4>
<p>(you can now have multiple configurations there and it allows to specify arbitrary optimisation levels for all tests as well)</p>



<a name="156782272"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156782272" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nagisa <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156782272">(Jan 24 2019 at 15:47)</a>:</h4>
<p>(so now you should be able to get rid of approximately half of the run-make tests that exist entirely because we weren’t able to override the <code>-O</code> before)</p>



<a name="156782286"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156782286" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nagisa <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156782286">(Jan 24 2019 at 15:47)</a>:</h4>
<p>well s/now/when that PR lands/</p>



<a name="156783373"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156783373" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156783373">(Jan 24 2019 at 16:00)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="123586">@nagisa</span> r=me</p>



<a name="156789157"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156789157" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156789157">(Jan 24 2019 at 17:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>(sorry for dropping out earlier, I had some connectivity troubles here)</p>



<a name="156789172"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156789172" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156789172">(Jan 24 2019 at 17:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>anyway, I like the idea of compiletest, I can add that perhaps as a kind of mini-meeting</p>



<a name="156789184"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156789184" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156789184">(Jan 24 2019 at 17:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>I've been thinking that some of these "meetings" might be things we can sort of "opportunistically" schedule</p>



<a name="156789187"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156789187" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156789187">(Jan 24 2019 at 17:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>well what I really mean by this is</p>



<a name="156789193"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156789193" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156789193">(Jan 24 2019 at 17:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>maybe it's not using one of the official conference rooms etc</p>



<a name="156789205"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156789205" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156789205">(Jan 24 2019 at 17:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>but something more like "if there are people lokoing for things to do and they want to dig into it"</p>



<a name="156881630"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156881630" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156881630">(Jan 25 2019 at 20:20)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="119031">@Esteban Küber</span> so I see you are attending the All Hands. I am currently contemplating the idea of having one or two "breakout" meetings, where the idea is that we split up a bit into smaller groups to work out the design of something, and then share it with the others.</p>
<p>Would you be interested in leading a breakout session focused on <code>--teach</code>? Are there other things in the area of diagnostics that might be good?</p>



<a name="156881924"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156881924" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Esteban Küber <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156881924">(Jan 25 2019 at 20:24)</a>:</h4>
<p>That sounds like a good idea. I'll think of other relevant topics.</p>



<a name="156881935"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156881935" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Esteban Küber <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156881935">(Jan 25 2019 at 20:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>Let's do it</p>



<a name="156881943"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156881943" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156881943">(Jan 25 2019 at 20:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>Cool</p>



<a name="156881945"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156881945" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156881945">(Jan 25 2019 at 20:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>it's not set in stone</p>



<a name="156882497"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all%20hands%20meeting%20planning/near/156882497" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/all.20hands.20meeting.20planning.html#156882497">(Jan 25 2019 at 20:32)</a>:</h4>
<p><strong>To all:</strong></p>
<p>My <a href="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1kRABnwAIVF_w-n67Wf_vaR6avzKWRkpbTXotLq_GCXE/edit?usp=sharing" target="_blank" title="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1kRABnwAIVF_w-n67Wf_vaR6avzKWRkpbTXotLq_GCXE/edit?usp=sharing">current spreadsheet is here</a>, it combines compiler + lang team. I think those are the number of 2-hours slots we will have. (This isn't set in stone yet.)</p>
<p>To make the most of them, I've designated 2 slots as "breakout" topics. These are meant to be things that need focused elaboration. My thought is that we will break up into like 4 groups at each time, with ~60-90 minutes to work on something, and then report back to the others on the rough ideas. </p>
<p>The idea is that everybody picks <strong>one</strong> topic in any given session. The idea is, while you may be interested in many things, this way you can always hear what the other people did afterwards and give feedback then. I figure we'll adjust the set of topics a bit live, too, e.g. based on the outcome from the IDE/RLS discussion. And then we can spread out the topics to try and minimize "key conflicts". </p>
<p>I've put the organizational meeting at the end for two reasons:</p>
<ul>
<li>I thought it would benefit from having worked out the technical details of more things</li>
<li>This way, we can also be informed by some of the lang team organization discussion. My hope is that Rust development in general can become a bit more "feature-oriented", and hence that we might see more collaboration where lang/compiler folks kind of iterate together on a feature in a more official way (this often happens unofficially, of course).</li>
</ul>
<p>Sorry that I keep creating new documents. I'm trying to out the best way to represent everything. =) I'll probably move the results ultimately back into a single DropBox Paper document.</p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 20:01 UTC</p>
</html>