<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>design meeting 2019-12-13 follow-up · t-compiler · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/index.html">t-compiler</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design.20meeting.202019-12-13.20follow-up.html">design meeting 2019-12-13 follow-up</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="183859010"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design%20meeting%202019-12-13%20follow-up/near/183859010" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design.20meeting.202019-12-13.20follow-up.html#183859010">(Dec 19 2019 at 16:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>I have a question. I was talking to <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="124287">@mw</span> about the IDE design meeting and debating what things make sense to discuss next. I think most of all what I had hoped to resolve was the high-level strategic question. I think our goal was roughly this:</p>
<ul>
<li>maintain rustc and rust-analyzer, using library-ification to gradually eliminate code duplication</li>
<li>make an immediate goal to ship rust-analyzer to users as the RLS component via rustup and have it become the "RLS 2.0" that we recommend users use</li>
<li>to that end, we need to achieve feature parity with existing RLS, which we do by building up a temporary mechanism (see below) that can handle error reporting, find all usages, and rename (which builds on find-all-usages), while we build up "native incremental" support for those things (via library-ification etc)</li>
</ul>
<p>In the meeting we spent a lot of time on the precise mechanism whereby rust-analyzer leverages the RLS code path, and that is worth discussing (<span class="user-mention" data-user-id="133169">@matklad</span> and I drew up a <a href="https://hackmd.io/sMospvYyTtisAnLMdlrUgQ" target="_blank" title="https://hackmd.io/sMospvYyTtisAnLMdlrUgQ">hackmd</a> describing some of the options there). But I wasn't clear if we settled on the biggest picture.</p>
<p>Do we think it makes sense to have another meeting to cover that big picture specifically?</p>



<a name="183859108"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design%20meeting%202019-12-13%20follow-up/near/183859108" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design.20meeting.202019-12-13.20follow-up.html#183859108">(Dec 19 2019 at 16:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>(cc <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="153740">@Igor Matuszewski</span>, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="119009">@eddyb</span> on the above questions)</p>



<a name="183859423"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design%20meeting%202019-12-13%20follow-up/near/183859423" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> eddyb <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design.20meeting.202019-12-13.20follow-up.html#183859423">(Dec 19 2019 at 16:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>I don't think I can pay attention to most of this in the next few weeks (partly because December and holidays and whatnot, but my plate is full even without any of that), sorry</p>



<a name="183865165"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design%20meeting%202019-12-13%20follow-up/near/183865165" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> matklad <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design.20meeting.202019-12-13.20follow-up.html#183865165">(Dec 19 2019 at 17:12)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116009">@nikomatsakis</span> note that this  is (accidentally) not the thread from last Friday, so you might want to ping the whole of <em>T-compiler</em> ?</p>



<a name="183870068"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design%20meeting%202019-12-13%20follow-up/near/183870068" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design.20meeting.202019-12-13.20follow-up.html#183870068">(Dec 19 2019 at 18:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yeah, I was trying not to ping to many folks, but not sure why. I guess cc <span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="897">@T-compiler/meeting</span> on <a href="#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/ide.20design.20meeting/near/183859010" title="#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/ide.20design.20meeting/near/183859010">this question</a> of whether we feel unresolved on this top-level strategy question</p>



<a name="183870188"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design%20meeting%202019-12-13%20follow-up/near/183870188" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Esteban Küber <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design.20meeting.202019-12-13.20follow-up.html#183870188">(Dec 19 2019 at 18:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think your outline sounds about what I would have expected</p>



<a name="183870362"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design%20meeting%202019-12-13%20follow-up/near/183870362" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Esteban Küber <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design.20meeting.202019-12-13.20follow-up.html#183870362">(Dec 19 2019 at 18:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'd like to voice for the last time my weariness around user visible output regressions during libraryfication, and I'd appreciate it if other reviewers also try to pay attention to the subject so I'm not the only one checking <span aria-label="sweat smile" class="emoji emoji-1f605" role="img" title="sweat smile">:sweat_smile:</span></p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 20:01 UTC</p>
</html>