<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>Handling RLS issues during the meeting? · t-compiler · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/index.html">t-compiler</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/Handling.20RLS.20issues.20during.20the.20meeting.3F.html">Handling RLS issues during the meeting?</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="255104288"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/Handling%20RLS%20issues%20during%20the%20meeting%3F/near/255104288" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> apiraino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/Handling.20RLS.20issues.20during.20the.20meeting.3F.html#255104288">(Sep 27 2021 at 19:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hi team, I was mentioned by <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="123586">@nagisa</span>'s comment about what to do with RLS issues. <br>
<a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/58858#issuecomment-927108585">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/58858#issuecomment-927108585</a></p>



<a name="255104314"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/Handling%20RLS%20issues%20during%20the%20meeting%3F/near/255104314" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> apiraino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/Handling.20RLS.20issues.20during.20the.20meeting.3F.html#255104314">(Sep 27 2021 at 19:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>My understanding of the question is (pls <span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="123586">nagisa</span> correct me if I misread your suggestion) do we want to handle RLS issues weekly in the T-compiler weekly agenda (was originally one of the goals of <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/54818">#54818</a>)? Can wg-prioritization help? If yes, how?</p>



<a name="255104334"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/Handling%20RLS%20issues%20during%20the%20meeting%3F/near/255104334" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> apiraino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/Handling.20RLS.20issues.20during.20the.20meeting.3F.html#255104334">(Sep 27 2021 at 19:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>In <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/58858">#58858</a> there's a mention about filtering issues <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+sort%3Aupdated-desc+label%3AT-dev-tools+-label%3AT-rustdoc">by T-dev-tools label</a>, which I am not sure about the lifecycle: who handles these issues? Perhaps <a href="https://www.rust-lang.org/governance/teams/dev-tools">dev-tools on Discord</a>?</p>



<a name="255104363"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/Handling%20RLS%20issues%20during%20the%20meeting%3F/near/255104363" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> apiraino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/Handling.20RLS.20issues.20during.20the.20meeting.3F.html#255104363">(Sep 27 2021 at 19:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>Or else, update <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/54818">#54818</a> and exclude RLS? Is RLS actively maintained?<br>
Anyway, just thinking aloud, I'd like to figure out a bit the context :-)</p>



<a name="255104625"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/Handling%20RLS%20issues%20during%20the%20meeting%3F/near/255104625" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nagisa <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/Handling.20RLS.20issues.20during.20the.20meeting.3F.html#255104625">(Sep 27 2021 at 19:18)</a>:</h4>
<p>My understanding is that originally the proposal was to have RLS be part of weekly meetings but I'm not sure if it makes sense anymore. I pinged you primarily because you handle the agenda and might have an idea about what makes sense here</p>



<a name="255104711"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/Handling%20RLS%20issues%20during%20the%20meeting%3F/near/255104711" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nagisa <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/Handling.20RLS.20issues.20during.20the.20meeting.3F.html#255104711">(Sep 27 2021 at 19:19)</a>:</h4>
<p>To me just closing that issue as won't fix kinda makes most sense.</p>



<a name="256593729"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/Handling%20RLS%20issues%20during%20the%20meeting%3F/near/256593729" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> apiraino <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/Handling.20RLS.20issues.20during.20the.20meeting.3F.html#256593729">(Oct 07 2021 at 15:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok this was mentioned in T-compiler weekly meeting: <a class="stream-topic" data-stream-id="238009" href="/#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bweekly.5D.202021-10-07.20.2354818">#t-compiler/meetings &gt; [weekly] 2021-10-07 #54818</a> and agreed we can stirke rls 1.0 from <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/54818">#54818</a> leaving a note (I'll take care of it) and close this issue</p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 20:01 UTC</p>
</html>