<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>pre-design meeting 2019-12-13 · t-compiler · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/index.html">t-compiler</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/pre-design.20meeting.202019-12-13.html">pre-design meeting 2019-12-13</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="182968652"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/pre-design%20meeting%202019-12-13/near/182968652" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> matklad <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/pre-design.20meeting.202019-12-13.html#182968652">(Dec 09 2019 at 15:49)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hi <span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="897">@T-compiler/meeting</span>  -- a few of us from <span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="1060">@WG-rls2.0</span>  took a stab at creating a <a href="https://hackmd.io/w8OIoc7iQsuTrBlRV1xKMQ?edit" target="_blank" title="https://hackmd.io/w8OIoc7iQsuTrBlRV1xKMQ?edit">hackmd</a> for the upcoming design meeting this Friday. The topic is our plans regarding rust-analyzer, the "official" choice of IDE, and rustc. The document summarizes our current thinking and also includes a section at the end for the discussion agenda. My hope is that people can review the doc now, before-hand. You can ask questions here if there are things that are unclear or could be clarified, and perhaps leave ideas for broader discussion topics in the document. Then we can prune the agenda on Thursday or so before the actual meeting.</p>
<p>(the above note was written by <span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="116009">nikomatsakis</span> and lightly edited by <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="133169">@matklad</span> )</p>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116083">@pnkfelix</span>, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="153740">@Igor Matuszewski</span>  we are especially interested in your feedback on the doc!</p>



<a name="182993400"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/pre-design%20meeting%202019-12-13/near/182993400" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> pnkfelix <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/pre-design.20meeting.202019-12-13.html#182993400">(Dec 09 2019 at 19:58)</a>:</h4>
<p>(was ill today but I'm planning to look at this tomorrow)</p>



<a name="183047170"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/pre-design%20meeting%202019-12-13/near/183047170" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> centril <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/pre-design.20meeting.202019-12-13.html#183047170">(Dec 10 2019 at 10:31)</a>:</h4>
<blockquote>
<ul>
<li>tentative plan is to make parser independent of the syntax tree, such that it produces events, and not a datastructure</li>
</ul>
</blockquote>
<p>Can you describe what producing events would look like?</p>
<p>Also, I would appreciate not changing the fundamental architecture of librustc_parse without OKing it with myself, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="119031">@Esteban Küber</span>, and <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="123856">@Vadim Petrochenkov</span>  first.</p>



<a name="183047316"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/pre-design%20meeting%202019-12-13/near/183047316" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> centril <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/pre-design.20meeting.202019-12-13.html#183047316">(Dec 10 2019 at 10:33)</a>:</h4>
<blockquote>
<ul>
<li>possible to derive them from HIR perhaps but </li>
</ul>
</blockquote>
<p>this bit re. polunious sounds dangerous; we shouldn't be compromising the quality of rustc to make things easier for RA</p>



<a name="183057615"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/pre-design%20meeting%202019-12-13/near/183057615" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> matklad <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/pre-design.20meeting.202019-12-13.html#183057615">(Dec 10 2019 at 13:13)</a>:</h4>
<blockquote>
<p>Also, I would appreciate not changing the fundamental architecture</p>
</blockquote>
<p>Sorry if "tentative plan" sounded like "hey, we've unilaterally decided to do X". <strong>Of course</strong> any significant changes to architecture of things are discussed, approved and co-designed by at lest the relevant experts, and preferably the whole of t-compiler.</p>



<a name="183057757"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/pre-design%20meeting%202019-12-13/near/183057757" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> matklad <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/pre-design.20meeting.202019-12-13.html#183057757">(Dec 10 2019 at 13:15)</a>:</h4>
<blockquote>
<p>Can you describe what producing events would look like?</p>
</blockquote>
<p>As-if one traverses a tree of tokens in dfs order.</p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 20:01 UTC</p>
</html>