<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>pre-steering meeting 2019.04.12 #58850 · t-compiler · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/index.html">t-compiler</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/pre-steering.20meeting.202019.2E04.2E12.20.2358850.html">pre-steering meeting 2019.04.12 #58850</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="163038549"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/pre-steering%20meeting%202019.04.12%20%2358850/near/163038549" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/pre-steering.20meeting.202019.2E04.2E12.20.2358850.html#163038549">(Apr 10 2019 at 19:41)</a>:</h4>
<p>Welp, <span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="897">@T-compiler/meeting</span>, it's that time again! The steering meeting is in two days so I wanted to discuss what topic we should discuss. Nominations would be welcome!</p>
<p>My proposed topic would be to kick around the idea of a regular design meeting -- I have a <a href="https://gist.github.com/nikomatsakis/3afbec52758741727e4535d973bb0667" target="_blank" title="https://gist.github.com/nikomatsakis/3afbec52758741727e4535d973bb0667">proposal here</a> that I would like feedback on.</p>
<p>Another thought I had was that it would be useful to discuss working groups -- what's working (no pun intended), what's not, and what we might change. </p>
<p>Thoughts?</p>



<a name="163038717"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/pre-steering%20meeting%202019.04.12%20%2358850/near/163038717" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> eddyb <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/pre-steering.20meeting.202019.2E04.2E12.20.2358850.html#163038717">(Apr 10 2019 at 19:44)</a>:</h4>
<p>+1 for design meeting. especially some sort of check-in to know what everyone is up to</p>



<a name="163038856"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/pre-steering%20meeting%202019.04.12%20%2358850/near/163038856" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> eddyb <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/pre-steering.20meeting.202019.2E04.2E12.20.2358850.html#163038856">(Apr 10 2019 at 19:45)</a>:</h4>
<p>and what our vision is</p>



<a name="163038859"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/pre-steering%20meeting%202019.04.12%20%2358850/near/163038859" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> eddyb <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/pre-steering.20meeting.202019.2E04.2E12.20.2358850.html#163038859">(Apr 10 2019 at 19:45)</a>:</h4>
<p>fragmented as it may be :P</p>



<a name="163051066"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/pre-steering%20meeting%202019.04.12%20%2358850/near/163051066" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> davidtwco <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/pre-steering.20meeting.202019.2E04.2E12.20.2358850.html#163051066">(Apr 10 2019 at 22:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>I like the idea of discussing what’s working and what isn’t with the working groups - anything we can do to ensure they’re successful.</p>



<a name="163087134"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/pre-steering%20meeting%202019.04.12%20%2358850/near/163087134" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> mw <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/pre-steering.20meeting.202019.2E04.2E12.20.2358850.html#163087134">(Apr 11 2019 at 10:15)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think both topics are good to discuss and we may be able to discuss them in the same meeting</p>



<a name="163104017"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/pre-steering%20meeting%202019.04.12%20%2358850/near/163104017" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/pre-steering.20meeting.202019.2E04.2E12.20.2358850.html#163104017">(Apr 11 2019 at 14:23)</a>:</h4>
<p>Another topic that might be relevant -- and I think we can include it -- is where to make strategic decisions like "do we need a working group to do memory reduction". But I think this is quite relevant to the design meeting, since I think that might be a good venue for this. I originally intended for this to be the role of the steering meeting, but it seems like the steering meeting has been serving a <em>somewhat</em> different purpose, and that seems...good.</p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 20:01 UTC</p>
</html>