<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>pre-steering meeting 2019.05.03 · t-compiler · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/index.html">t-compiler</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/pre-steering.20meeting.202019.2E05.2E03.html">pre-steering meeting 2019.05.03</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="164555548"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/pre-steering%20meeting%202019.05.03/near/164555548" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/pre-steering.20meeting.202019.2E05.2E03.html#164555548">(Apr 30 2019 at 17:01)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hi <span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="897">@T-compiler/meeting</span>! It's been 3 weeks since our last steering meeting, in which we discussed the idea of a design meeting. I recently landed a first draft of a more specific proposal, which you can <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/blob/master/procedures/steering-meeting.md" target="_blank" title="https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/blob/master/procedures/steering-meeting.md">find on the compiler-team repository</a>. </p>
<p>The purpose of this topic is to discuss what we should do in this week's steering meeting (this Friday). I wanted to suggest that we review the proposed design meeting process:</p>
<ul>
<li>make sure there is general understanding</li>
<li>pick a date to hold the first planning meeting and begin the cycle (perhaps next week)</li>
<li>brainstorm out some initial set of proposals people can prepare to get things going</li>
</ul>
<p>This may not take the full time. That seems ok, we can always cancel, but people might also have other things they'd like to talk about to fill the time.</p>
<p>Anyway, does this sound good? Other thoughts?</p>



<a name="164555995"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/pre-steering%20meeting%202019.05.03/near/164555995" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> eddyb <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/pre-steering.20meeting.202019.2E05.2E03.html#164555995">(Apr 30 2019 at 17:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>maybe I should write up a proposal for <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/43081#issuecomment-487985457" target="_blank" title="https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/43081#issuecomment-487985457">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/43081#issuecomment-487985457</a>  before getting into all the "def layer" stuff?</p>



<a name="164556063"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/pre-steering%20meeting%202019.05.03/near/164556063" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> eddyb <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/pre-steering.20meeting.202019.2E05.2E03.html#164556063">(Apr 30 2019 at 17:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>it seems more pressing (as anything that happens to slip for months :P)</p>



<a name="164556505"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/pre-steering%20meeting%202019.05.03/near/164556505" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> eddyb <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/pre-steering.20meeting.202019.2E05.2E03.html#164556505">(Apr 30 2019 at 17:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>it will probably involve enough changes to allow macro expansion to become incremental (modulo name resolution, I suppose)</p>



<a name="164571714"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/pre-steering%20meeting%202019.05.03/near/164571714" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/pre-steering.20meeting.202019.2E05.2E03.html#164571714">(Apr 30 2019 at 20:03)</a>:</h4>
<blockquote>
<p>maybe I should write up a proposal for <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/43081#issuecomment-487985457" target="_blank" title="https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/43081#issuecomment-487985457">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/43081#issuecomment-487985457</a>  before getting into all the "def layer" stuff?</p>
</blockquote>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="119009">@eddyb</span> I was actually going to suggest exactly that. This feels like a topic where it'd be great to spend a bit of time to (a) bring it back in cache and (b) talk about the right sol'n</p>



<a name="164610942"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/pre-steering%20meeting%202019.05.03/near/164610942" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> eddyb <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/pre-steering.20meeting.202019.2E05.2E03.html#164610942">(May 01 2019 at 09:18)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think I know how to tie it into <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="133169">@matklad</span>'s ideas for the future of parsing</p>



<a name="164610962"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/pre-steering%20meeting%202019.05.03/near/164610962" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> eddyb <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/pre-steering.20meeting.202019.2E05.2E03.html#164610962">(May 01 2019 at 09:19)</a>:</h4>
<p>by layering the problems and picking out what we can do now to improve the proc macro situation</p>



<a name="164611432"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/pre-steering%20meeting%202019.05.03/near/164611432" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> eddyb <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/pre-steering.20meeting.202019.2E05.2E03.html#164611432">(May 01 2019 at 09:28)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="116009">@nikomatsakis</span> one thing I'm struggling with is where to put a very-long-term plan</p>



<a name="164611434"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/pre-steering%20meeting%202019.05.03/near/164611434" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> eddyb <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/pre-steering.20meeting.202019.2E05.2E03.html#164611434">(May 01 2019 at 09:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>which we may want to discuss bits of</p>



<a name="164611458"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/pre-steering%20meeting%202019.05.03/near/164611458" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> eddyb <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/pre-steering.20meeting.202019.2E05.2E03.html#164611458">(May 01 2019 at 09:29)</a>:</h4>
<p>I guess I'll use hackmd and then pick parts from it</p>



<a name="164614017"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/pre-steering%20meeting%202019.05.03/near/164614017" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> matklad <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/pre-steering.20meeting.202019.2E05.2E03.html#164614017">(May 01 2019 at 10:24)</a>:</h4>
<p>Thanks for cc <span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="119009">eddyb</span> ! This is indeed an interesting problem which has implications for IDEs, so I am especially interested in the long-term vision here.  I have ideas about how to reconcile token-tree based AST, which is needed for macros, and CST-based AST, which is arguably needed  for IDEs, but I haven't actually gotten to trying them out. </p>
<p>I also don't have a usual class this Friday, so I'll be available for the steering meeting.</p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 20:01 UTC</p>
</html>