[
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"1380\">@WG-learning</span> meeting in ~45min (if I'm not mistaken).</p>\n<p>Here is the master doc: <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/nr5Ww319TnWM2HL_cg5I-w\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://hackmd.io/nr5Ww319TnWM2HL_cg5I-w\">https://hackmd.io/nr5Ww319TnWM2HL_cg5I-w</a><br>\nHere is the agenda doc: <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/75x4U2e1Qp2f-lg7V09nGA\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://hackmd.io/75x4U2e1Qp2f-lg7V09nGA\">https://hackmd.io/75x4U2e1Qp2f-lg7V09nGA</a> (feel free to add things)<br>\nHere is the overview chapter doc as it stands now: <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/j8EsXGI1RiOnjZSiSRf3ng?view\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://hackmd.io/j8EsXGI1RiOnjZSiSRf3ng?view\">https://hackmd.io/j8EsXGI1RiOnjZSiSRf3ng?view</a></p>\n<p>I suppose we can start by giving a status update of where all of our efforts are?</p>",
        "id": 190894281,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1584470954
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I added some comments on \"Rustc Overview\"</p>",
        "id": 190898354,
        "sender_full_name": "bjorn3",
        "timestamp": 1584472864
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"1380\">@WG-learning</span> meeting time, <span aria-label=\"wave\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44b\" role=\"img\" title=\"wave\">:wave:</span> if you're participating on this meeting</p>",
        "id": 190899493,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1584473393
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>let's try to update the <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/nr5Ww319TnWM2HL_cg5I-w\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://hackmd.io/nr5Ww319TnWM2HL_cg5I-w\">todo section of the master doc</a> with the things done</p>",
        "id": 190899633,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1584473433
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it seems like ...</p>",
        "id": 190899774,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1584473500
    },
    {
        "content": "<div class=\"codehilite\"><pre><span></span>- [x] [@Chris Simpkins] Write a blog post about the Overview chapter effort\n    - The idea would be like a call for action, for people to help us shape a good Overview chapter\n    - Could be something like ... we are writing an Overview chapter, here is an idea of what could look like, please give your insights on things you would include\n    - [Blog post outline / drafts](https://hackmd.io/dXf8Ydq4R4SDrbY1VpPfUA)\n- [x] [@spastorino] Changing name to rustc-dev-guide or rust-compiler-dev-guide (rcdg?) as per https://github.com/rust-lang/rustc-guide/issues/470?\n- [x] [@mark-i-am] Document our sprint like process\n- [x] [@spastorino] Schedule meetings for the next couple of months\n- [x] [@spastorino] Schedule a lecture about monomorphization/type memory layout with @oli\n    - @oli doesn&#39;t have time ATM for this :(\n</pre></div>",
        "id": 190899795,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1584473513
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that's done</p>",
        "id": 190899806,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1584473517
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Have we completed everything in <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rustc-dev-guide/issues/602\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rustc-dev-guide/issues/602\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rustc-dev-guide/issues/602</a>?</p>",
        "id": 190899867,
        "sender_full_name": "Chris Simpkins",
        "timestamp": 1584473528
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ok to check all and close?</p>",
        "id": 190899882,
        "sender_full_name": "Chris Simpkins",
        "timestamp": 1584473534
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"262810\">@Chris Simpkins</span> I think we still need to fix toolstate and update the submodule</p>",
        "id": 190899931,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1584473564
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>And I don't think I ever announced it on internals... should I do that now?</p>",
        "id": 190899989,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1584473581
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah, let's do it now</p>",
        "id": 190900032,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1584473603
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>what's pending is not very important I think</p>",
        "id": 190900039,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1584473608
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I would very much like to fix toolstate though</p>",
        "id": 190900092,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1584473631
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yep</p>",
        "id": 190900165,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1584473646
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>about the pending lectures</p>",
        "id": 190900179,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1584473654
    },
    {
        "content": "<div class=\"codehilite\"><pre><span></span>- [ ] [@mark-i-am] Schedule a lecture about codegen mir -&gt; llvm IR with @nagisa\n- [ ] [@spastorino] Schedule a lecture about Parallel with @nikomatsakis, @simulacrum or @Alex Crichton\n    - Everyone agreed that would be nice, the working group is a bit on hold for now on the other hand\n    - @simulacrum said that he can answer question but can&#39;t come up with a general explanation\n- [ ] [@spastorino] Schedule a lecture about LLVM with @Alex Crichton\n    - Alex can do a lecture with maybe not really up to date content\n    - mw can do a Q&amp;A session\n    - asked nikic too\n</pre></div>",
        "id": 190900231,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1584473674
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think parallel won't happen for now given the current status of it, if it can happen at some point I'm going to bring it up so I'd just close that</p>",
        "id": 190900265,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1584473696
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and about LLVM with Alex, I think I can talk to him and have the not very updated lecture, from there we can update it I think</p>",
        "id": 190900300,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1584473719
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>because other people I've pinged doesn't seem to be available</p>",
        "id": 190900324,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1584473731
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>do you agree with this?</p>",
        "id": 190900438,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1584473776
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ok, I just announced the rustc-dev-guide move on internals</p>",
        "id": 190900479,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1584473803
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"198054\">@mark-i-m</span> about the codegen-mir -&gt; llvm IR with nagisa lecture?</p>",
        "id": 190900622,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1584473884
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>should we mark it done?</p>",
        "id": 190900641,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1584473892
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>I think parallel won't happen for now given the current status of it, if it can happen at some point I'm going to bring it up so I'd just close that</p>\n</blockquote>",
        "id": 190900662,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1584473905
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>?</p>",
        "id": 190900699,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1584473935
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>One thing that might be good is to create a skeleton and note down the little I know:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>I vaguely believe the strategy (at least at first) was to change <code>RefCell</code> to <code>Mutex</code> to get initial thread safety</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 190900711,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1584473944
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>However there were a bunch of invariants that needed to be audited and this was hard</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 190900728,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1584473962
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>Also, there was a lot of lock contention</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 190900747,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1584473975
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>And query cycles IIRC</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 190900796,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1584474002
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well that may be a good way to tackle it</p>",
        "id": 190900862,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1584474018
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-learning/topic/meeting.202020.2E03.2E17/near/190900622\" title=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-learning/topic/meeting.202020.2E03.2E17/near/190900622\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"198054\">mark-i-m</span> about the codegen-mir -&gt; llvm IR with nagisa lecture?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p><span aria-label=\"point up\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f446\" role=\"img\" title=\"point up\">:point_up:</span></p>",
        "id": 190900876,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1584474027
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-learning/topic/meeting.202020.2E03.2E17/near/190900622\" title=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-learning/topic/meeting.202020.2E03.2E17/near/190900622\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"198054\">mark-i-m</span> about the codegen-mir -&gt; llvm IR with nagisa lecture?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>So, I've finally got around to looking at the notes nagisa sent last time</p>",
        "id": 190900896,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1584474042
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>And I compile some rough chapters</p>",
        "id": 190900906,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1584474053
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>which got merged last week</p>",
        "id": 190900917,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1584474060
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah, I saw that but I meant, I guess a lecture won't happen</p>",
        "id": 190900961,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1584474082
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we may not need it?</p>",
        "id": 190900967,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1584474086
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think nagisa indicated that they were too busy/not interested in doing a full lecture, but I think</p>",
        "id": 190900972,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1584474088
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah</p>",
        "id": 190900979,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1584474093
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so let's close that too, right?</p>",
        "id": 190900986,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1584474097
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we can compile a hackmd with the list of questions/holes and try to incrementally get answers</p>",
        "id": 190901000,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1584474112
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>agreed</p>",
        "id": 190901050,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1584474122
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>let me close the lecture thing and please add that item to the todo</p>",
        "id": 190901084,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1584474133
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>alright, closed</p>",
        "id": 190901142,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1584474182
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"198054\">@mark-i-m</span> please add the tasks you're mentioning</p>",
        "id": 190901152,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1584474191
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Can we begin to open incremental PR's on the Guide and have expertise fill in details for the structure that we lay out?  The open PR approach seems to receive more input/feedback/engagement than hackmd docs.</p>",
        "id": 190901158,
        "sender_full_name": "Chris Simpkins",
        "timestamp": 1584474198
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes</p>",
        "id": 190901173,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1584474213
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>definitely</p>",
        "id": 190901175,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1584474215
    },
    {
        "content": "<div class=\"codehilite\"><pre><span></span>- [ ] Collect a set of PRs that help understanding some parts of the compiler\n</pre></div>",
        "id": 190901193,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1584474227
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>about this, I've made zero progress</p>",
        "id": 190901205,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1584474236
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so the last and main thing to discuss is ...</p>",
        "id": 190901253,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1584474246
    },
    {
        "content": "<div class=\"codehilite\"><pre><span></span>- [ ] Write an Overview chapter\n    - Overview of the whole picture of the compiler. Main components, what they do and where they live. Main data structures used along and more or less what they are about.\n    - [Overview Outline](https://hackmd.io/j8EsXGI1RiOnjZSiSRf3ng?view)\n    - Overview blog post (coming soon...)\n</pre></div>",
        "id": 190901272,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1584474264
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>re: <code>[@Chris Simpkins] Write a blog post about the Overview chapter effort</code>: </p>\n<p>I have a draft but haven't had time to shape it up into something ready for a PR yet.  I'm stuck on how we intend to approach the Overview.  Do we have a sense about whether this will be organized around source structure vs. compile process stages vs. another approach?  Do we want to ask people to weigh in on <em>how</em> it is structured?  I've done a quick read through of the entire dev-guide and am not sure about the approach that we will take.  There is a good deal of the Guide that indicates that it is outdated or missing information at this stage.  Need feedback on this.</p>",
        "id": 190901293,
        "sender_full_name": "Chris Simpkins",
        "timestamp": 1584474278
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>sorry, I'm a bit slow on my laptop, rather than my nice desktop setup in my office</p>",
        "id": 190901296,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1584474283
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"262810\">Chris Simpkins</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-learning/topic/meeting.202020.2E03.2E17/near/190901293\" title=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-learning/topic/meeting.202020.2E03.2E17/near/190901293\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>re: <code>[@Chris Simpkins] Write a blog post about the Overview chapter effort</code>: </p>\n<p>I have a draft but haven't had time to shape it up into something ready for a PR yet.  I'm stuck on how we intend to approach the Overview.  Do we have a sense about whether this will be organized around source structure vs. compile process stages vs. another approach?  Do we want to ask people to weigh in on <em>how</em> it is structured?  I've done a quick read through of the entire dev-guide and am not sure about the approach that we will take.  There is a good deal of the Guide that indicates that it is outdated or missing information at this stage.  Need feedback on this.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>yeap</p>",
        "id": 190901515,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1584474429
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>does anyone have any other update related to the overview?</p>",
        "id": 190901524,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1584474440
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>to be honest I'd need to go through it again</p>",
        "id": 190901541,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1584474448
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-learning/topic/meeting.202020.2E03.2E17/near/190901193\" title=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-learning/topic/meeting.202020.2E03.2E17/near/190901193\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<div class=\"codehilite\"><pre><span></span>- [ ] Collect a set of PRs that help understanding some parts of the compiler\n</pre></div>\n\n\n</blockquote>\n<p>Perhaps the right approach is to create an issue where we can dump things until we have enough?</p>",
        "id": 190901740,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1584474547
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>sold!</p>",
        "id": 190901773,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1584474562
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>:)</p>",
        "id": 190901781,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1584474564
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>did you make notes of the outdated stuff <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"262810\">@Chris Simpkins</span></p>",
        "id": 190901817,
        "sender_full_name": "Tshepang Lekhonkhobe",
        "timestamp": 1584474586
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"198054\">mark-i-m</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-learning/topic/meeting.202020.2E03.2E17/near/190901740\" title=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-learning/topic/meeting.202020.2E03.2E17/near/190901740\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-learning/topic/meeting.202020.2E03.2E17/near/190901193\" title=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-learning/topic/meeting.202020.2E03.2E17/near/190901193\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<div class=\"codehilite\"><pre><span></span>- [ ] Collect a set of PRs that help understanding some parts of the compiler\n</pre></div>\n\n\n</blockquote>\n<p>Perhaps the right approach is to create an issue where we can dump things until we have enough?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rustc-dev-guide/issues/619\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rustc-dev-guide/issues/619\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rustc-dev-guide/issues/619</a></p>",
        "id": 190901940,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1584474639
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"119529\">Tshepang Lekhonkhobe</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-learning/topic/meeting.202020.2E03.2E17/near/190901817\" title=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-learning/topic/meeting.202020.2E03.2E17/near/190901817\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>did you make notes of the outdated stuff</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Unfortunately not, but I can do so on another run through.  Some issues that come immediately to mind are the sections on the overview of the structure of the compiler source that has an out of date diagram after recent refactor</p>",
        "id": 190901957,
        "sender_full_name": "Chris Simpkins",
        "timestamp": 1584474650
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"262810\">Chris Simpkins</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-learning/topic/meeting.202020.2E03.2E17/near/190901293\" title=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-learning/topic/meeting.202020.2E03.2E17/near/190901293\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>re: <code>[@Chris Simpkins] Write a blog post about the Overview chapter effort</code>: </p>\n<p>I have a draft but haven't had time to shape it up into something ready for a PR yet.  I'm stuck on how we intend to approach the Overview.  Do we have a sense about whether this will be organized around source structure vs. compile process stages vs. another approach?  Do we want to ask people to weigh in on <em>how</em> it is structured?  I've done a quick read through of the entire dev-guide and am not sure about the approach that we will take.  There is a good deal of the Guide that indicates that it is outdated or missing information at this stage.  Need feedback on this.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"262810\">@Chris Simpkins</span> I suspect that it will be some mix of all of those...</p>",
        "id": 190901979,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1584474661
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It's a good question though</p>",
        "id": 190901998,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1584474671
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I need to go through our notes and read it again</p>",
        "id": 190902020,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1584474686
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>Unfortunately not, but I can do so on another run through. Some issues that come immediately to mind are the sections on the overview of the structure of the compiler source that has an out of date diagram after recent refactor</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Yeah, there is _a lot_ of refactoring going on these days, and I suspect there will always be some part of the guide out of date</p>",
        "id": 190902139,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1584474738
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Worth pulling together our Overview outline and then publishing the blog post with a link that points to the outline?  Could be a WIP document that readers can weigh in on. I initially thought that we could point to a Zulip thread, but perhaps that is a better approach.</p>",
        "id": 190902152,
        "sender_full_name": "Chris Simpkins",
        "timestamp": 1584474748
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>But somehow, I think it still manages to be in-of-date _enough_ to be helpful</p>",
        "id": 190902197,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1584474764
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"198054\">mark-i-m</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-learning/topic/meeting.202020.2E03.2E17/near/190902139\" title=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-learning/topic/meeting.202020.2E03.2E17/near/190902139\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Unfortunately not, but I can do so on another run through. Some issues that come immediately to mind are the sections on the overview of the structure of the compiler source that has an out of date diagram after recent refactor</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Yeah, there is _a lot_ of refactoring going on these days, and I suspect there will always be some part of the guide out of date</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>well maybe we will start having less given the major changes proposal idea</p>",
        "id": 190902258,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1584474799
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>does that idea encourage less refactoring</p>",
        "id": 190902374,
        "sender_full_name": "Tshepang Lekhonkhobe",
        "timestamp": 1584474850
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"198054\">mark-i-m</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-learning/topic/meeting.202020.2E03.2E17/near/190902197\" title=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-learning/topic/meeting.202020.2E03.2E17/near/190902197\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>But somehow, I think it still manages to be in-of-date _enough_ to be helpful</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>It definitely wasn't intended to be a criticism.  That is the nature of manually updated documentation and IIUC the rationale for this WG's existence! <span aria-label=\"slight smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f642\" role=\"img\" title=\"slight smile\">:slight_smile:</span>   I am just thinking through what structure makes sense for an overview.</p>",
        "id": 190902419,
        "sender_full_name": "Chris Simpkins",
        "timestamp": 1584474868
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"119529\">Tshepang Lekhonkhobe</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-learning/topic/meeting.202020.2E03.2E17/near/190902374\" title=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-learning/topic/meeting.202020.2E03.2E17/near/190902374\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>does that idea encourage less refactoring</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>nope</p>",
        "id": 190902439,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1584474880
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"119529\">@Tshepang Lekhonkhobe</span>  It basically requires that major compiler changes are accompanies by rustc-dev-guide changes</p>",
        "id": 190902448,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1584474887
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok 5 minutes left</p>",
        "id": 190902484,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1584474905
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess we should talk about what to do during this next sprint!</p>",
        "id": 190902518,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1584474924
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think we should focus on overview doc</p>",
        "id": 190902555,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1584474942
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"198054\">mark-i-m</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-learning/topic/meeting.202020.2E03.2E17/near/190902448\" title=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-learning/topic/meeting.202020.2E03.2E17/near/190902448\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"119529\">Tshepang Lekhonkhobe</span>  It basically requires that major compiler changes are accompanies by rustc-dev-guide changes</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>oh, I see... it was more about being up-to-date than about refactoring</p>",
        "id": 190902556,
        "sender_full_name": "Tshepang Lekhonkhobe",
        "timestamp": 1584474944
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>which other than the tasking we already have layed out is how to move forward the overview chapter</p>",
        "id": 190902559,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1584474946
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>sprint is how long</p>",
        "id": 190902742,
        "sender_full_name": "Tshepang Lekhonkhobe",
        "timestamp": 1584475019
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>thoughts?</p>",
        "id": 190902743,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1584475019
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"119529\">Tshepang Lekhonkhobe</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-learning/topic/meeting.202020.2E03.2E17/near/190902742\" title=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-learning/topic/meeting.202020.2E03.2E17/near/190902742\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>sprint is how long</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>2 weeks</p>",
        "id": 190902800,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1584475044
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I will make a doc for the \"holes\" in backend that we can try to fill in gradually</p>",
        "id": 190902859,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1584475076
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>would be happy to help with overview chapter too</p>",
        "id": 190902933,
        "sender_full_name": "Tshepang Lekhonkhobe",
        "timestamp": 1584475096
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Also, we should open an issue to collect PRs that are good examples of things</p>",
        "id": 190902936,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1584475097
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and publicize that issue for t-compiler people to add their own examples</p>",
        "id": 190902967,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1584475111
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Thoughts?</p>",
        "id": 190903044,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1584475152
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"198054\">mark-i-m</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-learning/topic/meeting.202020.2E03.2E17/near/190902936\" title=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-learning/topic/meeting.202020.2E03.2E17/near/190902936\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Also, we should open an issue to collect PRs that are good examples of things</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I've already done that</p>",
        "id": 190903123,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1584475193
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rustc-dev-guide/issues/619\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rustc-dev-guide/issues/619\">rustc-dev-guide#619</a></p>",
        "id": 190903139,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1584475201
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>risk with that approach is that PRs quickly become outdated, making changes to code that may be already be moved around by the time the PR is read</p>",
        "id": 190903221,
        "sender_full_name": "Tshepang Lekhonkhobe",
        "timestamp": 1584475228
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>is that ok?</p>",
        "id": 190903230,
        "sender_full_name": "Tshepang Lekhonkhobe",
        "timestamp": 1584475232
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess it's probably better than nothing... mostly the PRs will be bit-rotty, but I think things don't usually change enough that they would be unhelpful</p>",
        "id": 190903310,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1584475276
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>agreed with <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"198054\">@mark-i-m</span></p>",
        "id": 190903351,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1584475305
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>time is up, unsure if we have reached an idea about what to focus on related to overview exactly</p>",
        "id": 190903440,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1584475339
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Let's create a thread on zulip and aim to have something to publish on the blog by next meeting</p>",
        "id": 190903684,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1584475467
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span aria-label=\"+1\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44d\" role=\"img\" title=\"+1\">:+1:</span></p>",
        "id": 190903697,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1584475476
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We can discuss on zulip about what the status of the chapter is and decide what needs to be done before we publish</p>",
        "id": 190903706,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1584475484
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Oh, also here is the backend holes doc: <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/@ux-jKBcgRTSHsH042VF3BA/S1Q6hoCB8/edit\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://hackmd.io/@ux-jKBcgRTSHsH042VF3BA/S1Q6hoCB8/edit\">https://hackmd.io/@ux-jKBcgRTSHsH042VF3BA/S1Q6hoCB8/edit</a></p>",
        "id": 190903949,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1584475584
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ok thanks everyone! <span aria-label=\"wave\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44b\" role=\"img\" title=\"wave\">:wave:</span></p>",
        "id": 190904101,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1584475636
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think that was a productive meeting</p>",
        "id": 190904125,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1584475645
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"198054\">mark-i-m</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-learning/topic/meeting.202020.2E03.2E17/near/190903684\" title=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-learning/topic/meeting.202020.2E03.2E17/near/190903684\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Let's create a thread on zulip and aim to have something to publish on the blog by next meeting</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Here is the blog post thread: <a href=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-learning/topic/The.20Rustc.20Overview.3A.20blog.20post\" title=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-learning/topic/The.20Rustc.20Overview.3A.20blog.20post\">https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-learning/topic/The.20Rustc.20Overview.3A.20blog.20post</a>  </p>\n<p>Will update the blog post based on the conversation today.  I should be able to do it this week. If anyone has additional feedback, please let me know</p>",
        "id": 190905684,
        "sender_full_name": "Chris Simpkins",
        "timestamp": 1584476412
    }
]