[
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"1380\">@WG-rustc-dev-guide</span> meeting in ~ 5 minutes</p>",
        "id": 222644106,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1610571299
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I may need to leave early btw.</p>",
        "id": 222644409,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610571457
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"1380\">@WG-rustc-dev-guide</span> let's get started ...</p>",
        "id": 222644696,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1610571559
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>one of the main things I wanted to talk about is an eternal task that we had</p>",
        "id": 222644739,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1610571588
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>since a long time we've been talking about reorganizing the guide</p>",
        "id": 222644834,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1610571615
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>in particular check <a href=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-rustc-dev-guide/topic/Reorganizing.20the.20guide\">https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-rustc-dev-guide/topic/Reorganizing.20the.20guide</a></p>",
        "id": 222644850,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1610571626
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I agree we should move more things to forge</p>",
        "id": 222644894,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610571651
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and there was an attempt by <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"198054\">@mark-i-m</span> <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/5BnDamiMSFOO8A_S5xggYQ?both\">https://hackmd.io/5BnDamiMSFOO8A_S5xggYQ?both</a></p>",
        "id": 222644901,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1610571654
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>which is probably a bit odd</p>",
        "id": 222644917,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1610571660
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>in particular people have been very confused that the 'stabilizing a feature' is specifically about the compiler, because as-is the dev-guide is sort of a mishmash of the library and compiler</p>",
        "id": 222644949,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610571680
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>my intention is not to say how is the best way of organizing the guide but maybe to try to come up with ideas about how to better organize the guide</p>",
        "id": 222644953,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1610571682
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-rustc-dev-guide/topic/meeting.202021.2E01.2E13/near/222644953\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>my intention is not to say how is the best way of organizing the guide but maybe to try to come up with ideas about how to better organize the guide</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I think we should start by moving things to forge, and make reorganizing the guide a separate task</p>",
        "id": 222645006,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610571715
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"232545\">Joshua Nelson</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-rustc-dev-guide/topic/meeting.202021.2E01.2E13/near/222644894\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I agree we should move more things to forge</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>yeah, I'd definitely move all the procedures to forge and leave in the guide only the information that is about how the compiler works</p>",
        "id": 222645010,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1610571716
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(or otherwise it will never get done)</p>",
        "id": 222645013,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610571720
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>IIRC Forge is not really aimed at people new to the project though.</p>",
        "id": 222645061,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610571726
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"232545\">Joshua Nelson</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-rustc-dev-guide/topic/meeting.202021.2E01.2E13/near/222645013\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>(or otherwise it will never get done)</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>definitely agree to what you have said, let's move some things otherwise we would never accomplish anything :)</p>",
        "id": 222645111,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1610571758
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I am about worried about moving to forge but that might be more of criticism of forge than of this proposal.</p>",
        "id": 222645122,
        "sender_full_name": "rylev",
        "timestamp": 1610571763
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think procedures probably should be moved to Forge but things like <a href=\"https://rustc-dev-guide.rust-lang.org/feature-gates.html\">https://rustc-dev-guide.rust-lang.org/feature-gates.html</a> should stay.</p>",
        "id": 222645127,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610571764
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"307537\">Camelid</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-rustc-dev-guide/topic/meeting.202021.2E01.2E13/near/222645061\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>IIRC Forge is not really aimed at people new to the project though.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>yeah, but it's understood that forge hosts procedures of all the different teams</p>",
        "id": 222645161,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1610571777
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"307537\">Camelid</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-rustc-dev-guide/topic/meeting.202021.2E01.2E13/near/222645127\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I think procedures probably should be moved to Forge but things like <a href=\"https://rustc-dev-guide.rust-lang.org/feature-gates.html\">https://rustc-dev-guide.rust-lang.org/feature-gates.html</a> should stay.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>right - the dev-guide should be specifically about the compiler</p>",
        "id": 222645204,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610571791
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>More that the dev-guide should be focused on code and Forge should be focused on procedure/communication.</p>",
        "id": 222645233,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610571805
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Btw, is there a team that maintains Forge?</p>",
        "id": 222645264,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610571823
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"232545\">Joshua Nelson</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-rustc-dev-guide/topic/meeting.202021.2E01.2E13/near/222645204\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"307537\">Camelid</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-rustc-dev-guide/topic/meeting.202021.2E01.2E13/near/222645127\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I think procedures probably should be moved to Forge but things like <a href=\"https://rustc-dev-guide.rust-lang.org/feature-gates.html\">https://rustc-dev-guide.rust-lang.org/feature-gates.html</a> should stay.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>right - the dev-guide should be specifically about the compiler</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>right, maybe we should have a section that makes things like features gate fit better</p>",
        "id": 222645278,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1610571831
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>unsure tbh</p>",
        "id": 222645284,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1610571834
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"307537\">Camelid</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-rustc-dev-guide/topic/meeting.202021.2E01.2E13/near/222645264\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Btw, is there a team that maintains Forge?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I've provided PRs and people merge things but unsure if there's really a team around forge</p>",
        "id": 222645428,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1610571867
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Like I think it might be good to document some stdlib-related things (like <code>rustc_const_stable</code> – there have been questions about that recently) in the dev-guide. I don't know of somewhere else for them to go.</p>",
        "id": 222645439,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610571873
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>My concern about forge is that it does not appear to be well maintained</p>",
        "id": 222645445,
        "sender_full_name": "rylev",
        "timestamp": 1610571875
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"224872\">rylev</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-rustc-dev-guide/topic/meeting.202021.2E01.2E13/near/222645445\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>My concern about forge is that it does not appear to be well maintained</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>yeah, agreed, I've always wanted to tidy up dev-guide, forge and compiler-team repos :)</p>",
        "id": 222645477,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1610571891
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>E.g. <a href=\"https://forge.rust-lang.org/release/triage-procedure.html\">https://forge.rust-lang.org/release/triage-procedure.html</a> <span aria-label=\"embarrassed\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f633\" role=\"img\" title=\"embarrassed\">:embarrassed:</span></p>",
        "id": 222645487,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610571897
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>At some point I would like to update the wg-triage section, but there aren't that many people on the team so it's not as important to keep the docs up to date.</p>",
        "id": 222645545,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610571927
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-rustc-dev-guide/topic/meeting.202021.2E01.2E13/near/222645477\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"224872\">rylev</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-rustc-dev-guide/topic/meeting.202021.2E01.2E13/near/222645445\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>My concern about forge is that it does not appear to be well maintained</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>yeah, agreed, I've always wanted to tidy up dev-guide, forge and compiler-team repos :)</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>but this is a bit larger to what we should be focusing on ... so ... meh :)</p>",
        "id": 222645570,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1610571949
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so, to be a little more specific, the things we were thinking of moving were things like 'how do I fork rust-lang/rust' and 'how do I use rustbot'</p>",
        "id": 222645574,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610571953
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>which are about 'how do I do things', not how the compiler works</p>",
        "id": 222645625,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610571968
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hmm – I feel like those should stay.</p>",
        "id": 222645641,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610571980
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"307537\">Camelid</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-rustc-dev-guide/topic/meeting.202021.2E01.2E13/near/222645545\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>At some point I would like to update the wg-triage section, but there aren't that many people on the team so it's not as important to keep the docs up to date.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>for instance I've been updating prioritization wg documentation on a weekly basis :)</p>",
        "id": 222645653,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1610571987
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It's a guide to <em>developing Rust</em></p>",
        "id": 222645656,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610571990
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>right now the dev-guide is two different things:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>How does the compiler work?</li>\n<li>How do I make this specific change?</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 222645673,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610572003
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and I feel like it would be easier to find information if it only did the first one</p>",
        "id": 222645699,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610572014
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess I'd define the guide in a more general way, the guide is aimed for people that want to contribute to the compiler</p>",
        "id": 222645730,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1610572032
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>perhaps procedure as in \"how to be a team player\" vs procedure \"how do _I_ do this\" ? first goes to forge, second stays ?</p>",
        "id": 222645739,
        "sender_full_name": "Iñaki Garay",
        "timestamp": 1610572038
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and in that sense, we want to document how the beast works and how to do certain things</p>",
        "id": 222645749,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1610572045
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, I view the dev-guide as a <em>guide</em> to <em>developing</em> the compiler, not just \"how does it work\"</p>",
        "id": 222645813,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610572079
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>And giving examples of how to make changes also helps with \"how does it work\"</p>",
        "id": 222645865,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610572090
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>hmm, ok</p>",
        "id": 222645870,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610572095
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>agreed with that <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"307537\">@Camelid</span></p>",
        "id": 222645885,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1610572106
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that leaves not very much to move to forge then</p>",
        "id": 222645903,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610572115
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>By the way, are these docs up to date?</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>This working group aims to accomplish the following:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Ensure that major components of rustc are covered in rustc-dev-guide</li>\n<li>Ensure that API doc coverage is at least 90%</li>\n</ul>\n</blockquote>",
        "id": 222645907,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610572119
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe just the licenses page on Contributing?</p>",
        "id": 222645911,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610572122
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we should remove the API thing</p>",
        "id": 222645930,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1610572138
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>this group was before called learning wg :)</p>",
        "id": 222645948,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1610572149
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and \"aimed\" to document API stuff but that never happened</p>",
        "id": 222646002,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1610572164
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"232545\">Joshua Nelson</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-rustc-dev-guide/topic/meeting.202021.2E01.2E13/near/222645903\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>that leaves not very much to more to forge then</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Not really; Forge has a ton of stuff – lots of procedure for release, triage, <a href=\"http://crates.io\">crates.io</a>, <a href=\"http://docs.rs\">docs.rs</a>, etc.</p>",
        "id": 222646013,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610572170
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think it's better to be focused on one thing</p>",
        "id": 222646017,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1610572172
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"307537\">Camelid</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-rustc-dev-guide/topic/meeting.202021.2E01.2E13/near/222646013\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"232545\">Joshua Nelson</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-rustc-dev-guide/topic/meeting.202021.2E01.2E13/near/222645903\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>that leaves not very much to more to forge then</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Not really; Forge has a ton of stuff – lots of procedure for release, triage, <a href=\"http://crates.io\">crates.io</a>, <a href=\"http://docs.rs\">docs.rs</a>, etc.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>right - I mean specifically things that are currently in the dev-guide but we should move</p>",
        "id": 222646039,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610572190
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think it's valuable to have one place to point people when they ask questions about contributing.</p>",
        "id": 222646131,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610572230
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so what specific action can we take out of this meeting, regarding the organization of the guide?</p>",
        "id": 222646148,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1610572239
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>E.g. when mark-i-m moved <code>CONTRIBUTING.md</code> to the dev-guide – that put more stuff in the same spot.</p>",
        "id": 222646167,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610572251
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so, if we're not moving things, then we should think about re-organizing the guide. In particular I think we should combine 'building and debugging' and 'contributing' somehow</p>",
        "id": 222646176,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610572257
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>right now there is a lot of duplicate info spread out over many pages</p>",
        "id": 222646208,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610572271
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and the 'getting started' section too</p>",
        "id": 222646219,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610572281
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>can we set as a goal to come up with a different structure for the guide for next meeting?</p>",
        "id": 222646248,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1610572297
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>hmm, I feel like not much will happen if we put it off</p>",
        "id": 222646288,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610572322
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>FYI, so we don't run out of time, we have some other things on the \"agenda\" as well:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>mdbook-toc (<a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rustc-dev-guide/issues/1014\">rustc-dev-guide#1014</a>)</li>\n<li>reorganize pages (<a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rustc-dev-guide/issues/762\">rustc-dev-guide#762</a>) [that's what we're talking about I think]</li>\n<li>machine-readable dates to keep docs up-to-date (<a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rustc-dev-guide/issues/1018\">rustc-dev-guide#1018</a>)</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 222646335,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610572331
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I would rather discuss it now, unless you have something else you want to bring up?</p>",
        "id": 222646343,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610572333
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess we could collaborate on that, like if someone comes up with a first idea, we can all make suggestions and all that :)</p>",
        "id": 222646349,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1610572336
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"307537\">Camelid</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-rustc-dev-guide/topic/meeting.202021.2E01.2E13/near/222646335\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>FYI, so we don't run out of time, we have some other things on the \"agenda\" as well:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>mdbook-toc (<a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/1014\">#1014</a>)</li>\n<li>reorganize pages (<a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/762\">#762</a>) [that's what we're talking about I think]</li>\n<li>machine-readable dates to keep docs up-to-date (<a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/1018\">#1018</a>)</li>\n</ul>\n</blockquote>\n<p>ah ok, let's do those first then</p>",
        "id": 222646363,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610572347
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"209053\">@Iñaki Garay</span> wanted to talk about mdbook-toc and I would like to talk about the machine-readable dates.</p>",
        "id": 222646397,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610572370
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Who goes first? :)</p>",
        "id": 222646422,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610572388
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-rustc-dev-guide/topic/meeting.202021.2E01.2E13/near/222646349\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I guess we could collaborate on that, like if someone comes up with a first idea, we can all make suggestions and all that :)</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>are we ok with this so we move on?</p>",
        "id": 222646425,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1610572390
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>is someone able to come up with something?</p>",
        "id": 222646440,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1610572399
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>let's start with <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"198054\">mark-i-m</span> 's draft maybe: <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/5BnDamiMSFOO8A_S5xggYQ?both\">https://hackmd.io/5BnDamiMSFOO8A_S5xggYQ?both</a></p>",
        "id": 222646456,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610572411
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and edit from there</p>",
        "id": 222646459,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610572414
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span aria-label=\"+1\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44d\" role=\"img\" title=\"+1\">:+1:</span></p>",
        "id": 222646465,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1610572416
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I feel that there was agreement on adding mdbook-toc and that all that remains is doing it and finding which sections would benefit from using it</p>",
        "id": 222646471,
        "sender_full_name": "Iñaki Garay",
        "timestamp": 1610572423
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok, let's move on</p>",
        "id": 222646476,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1610572424
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ok, so machine-readable dates then?</p>",
        "id": 222646556,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610572455
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>This is the issue: <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rustc-dev-guide/issues/1018\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rustc-dev-guide/issues/1018</a></p>",
        "id": 222646567,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610572465
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"209053\">Iñaki Garay</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-rustc-dev-guide/topic/meeting.202021.2E01.2E13/near/222646471\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I feel that there was agreement on adding mdbook-toc and that all that remains is doing it and finding which sections would benefit from using it</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>do you think we need to discuss the sections for it? or are you planning to do that yourself and just need to find the time?</p>",
        "id": 222646608,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610572492
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'll do the first steps and when the PR is ready for review we can discuss the sections</p>",
        "id": 222646688,
        "sender_full_name": "Iñaki Garay",
        "timestamp": 1610572534
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"224872\">@rylev</span> suggested some way to make things like \"As of now, ...\" machine-readable so that e.g. every 6 months we could get a notification saying \"check if this is up-to-date\".</p>",
        "id": 222646689,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610572535
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(Correct me if I'm wrong <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"224872\">@rylev</span>)</p>",
        "id": 222646714,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610572551
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>That is correct</p>",
        "id": 222646777,
        "sender_full_name": "rylev",
        "timestamp": 1610572564
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so my concern is that people will just not add those <span aria-label=\"sweat smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f605\" role=\"img\" title=\"sweat smile\">:sweat_smile:</span></p>",
        "id": 222646790,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610572567
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Well we would ask during review that people add them.</p>",
        "id": 222646823,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610572588
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>If we forget sometimes it's not like it's the end of the world.</p>",
        "id": 222646839,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610572596
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It would just be just the status quo as of now (no pun intended)</p>",
        "id": 222646882,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610572620
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Well, the more people do it the better the result is. Even if you only do it once you do get some utility from it</p>",
        "id": 222646886,
        "sender_full_name": "rylev",
        "timestamp": 1610572625
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>hmm, I guess so. It's certainly better than nothing</p>",
        "id": 222646910,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610572636
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I had two ideas for implementing it:</p>\n<ul>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rustc-dev-guide/pull/1013#issuecomment-757400029\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rustc-dev-guide/pull/1013#issuecomment-757400029</a></li>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rustc-dev-guide/issues/1018#issuecomment-757567773\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rustc-dev-guide/issues/1018#issuecomment-757567773</a></li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 222646946,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610572661
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>how are you imagining the automation to work? like send emails to <a href=\"mailto:rustc-dev-guide@rust-lang.org\">rustc-dev-guide@rust-lang.org</a> or something?</p>",
        "id": 222646955,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610572665
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Opening issues automatically?</p>",
        "id": 222646980,
        "sender_full_name": "rylev",
        "timestamp": 1610572678
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I was imagining that we would have a GH action that would create issues</p>",
        "id": 222646984,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610572681
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, what rylev said</p>",
        "id": 222647028,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610572685
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I´m concerned that it will create an avalanche of issues in seven months :P</p>",
        "id": 222647062,
        "sender_full_name": "Iñaki Garay",
        "timestamp": 1610572710
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Well it could do one issue  per run</p>",
        "id": 222647082,
        "sender_full_name": "rylev",
        "timestamp": 1610572725
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, what rylev said is one possibility</p>",
        "id": 222647104,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610572742
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So at most one issue per month</p>",
        "id": 222647116,
        "sender_full_name": "rylev",
        "timestamp": 1610572747
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Just one issue with a bunch of checkboxes</p>",
        "id": 222647118,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610572749
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah that seems fine, and it does all the dates in the one issue</p>",
        "id": 222647140,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610572765
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We could label them as \"good first issue\"/\"Easy\" too</p>",
        "id": 222647143,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610572768
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>does anyone want to implement that automation? :P</p>",
        "id": 222647160,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610572779
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So I guess we'd have a monthly cronjob that would check all of them</p>",
        "id": 222647165,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610572782
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I would like to give it a shot :)</p>",
        "id": 222647173,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610572793
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>awesome! I assigned you on the issue :)</p>",
        "id": 222647226,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610572806
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>You're fast! :D</p>",
        "id": 222647236,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610572814
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>:)</p>",
        "id": 222647245,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1610572822
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"232545\">@Joshua Nelson</span> is fast to assign, but hey it's also fast take work <span aria-label=\"heart\" class=\"emoji emoji-2764\" role=\"img\" title=\"heart\">:heart:</span></p>",
        "id": 222647278,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1610572843
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm thinking a small Rust tool that is invoked by the GH action and produces Markdown that is put in the issue body?</p>",
        "id": 222647280,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610572844
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Would it be an mdbook preprocessor? I'm hoping I could get away with just looking through all files that match <code>src/**/*.md</code></p>",
        "id": 222647340,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610572887
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>/me likes shell scripts</p>",
        "id": 222647348,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610572894
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but as long as it's maintainable I don't really care either way</p>",
        "id": 222647365,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610572903
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>/me does not like shell scripts</p>",
        "id": 222647367,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610572906
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>;)</p>",
        "id": 222647380,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610572915
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think they're fine for some things but I'm more comfortable with Rust or Python, but I like Rust better :)</p>",
        "id": 222647435,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610572934
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think we have a broad idea what to do and we can work out the details later.</p>",
        "id": 222647451,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610572941
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so that leaves</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>reorganize pages (<a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/762\">#762</a>) [that's what we're talking about I think]</p>\n</blockquote>",
        "id": 222647477,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610572953
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>like I said, I think 'getting started' is sprawled across 3 sections</p>",
        "id": 222647525,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610572984
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Here's the correct link: <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rustc-dev-guide/issues/762\">rustc-dev-guide#762</a></p>",
        "id": 222647531,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610572986
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ohh, yeah</p>",
        "id": 222647532,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1610572986
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think it's fine to make the change</p>",
        "id": 222647551,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1610573001
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and add the redirects</p>",
        "id": 222647568,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1610573009
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh sorry the issue is <em>not</em> related to reorganizing the sections I think - this is about how the files are laid out in the repo</p>",
        "id": 222647591,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610573022
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but yeah, probably not the most urgent task in the world :)</p>",
        "id": 222647594,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1610573023
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"232545\">Joshua Nelson</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-rustc-dev-guide/topic/meeting.202021.2E01.2E13/near/222647591\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>oh sorry the issue is <em>not</em> related to reorganizing the sections I think - this is about how the files are laid out in the repo</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Ah, okay</p>",
        "id": 222647666,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610573048
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"232545\">Joshua Nelson</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-rustc-dev-guide/topic/meeting.202021.2E01.2E13/near/222647591\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>oh sorry the issue is <em>not</em> related to reorganizing the sections I think - this is about how the files are laid out in the repo</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>right</p>",
        "id": 222647680,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1610573056
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't feel strongly about this, but minor -1. I don't think having a lot of top-level files is a big deal, it's more important for things to be easy to find on the website.</p>",
        "id": 222647681,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610573056
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't think anyone has complained that the guide itself is hard to change</p>",
        "id": 222647724,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610573076
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>As I’ve said I also don’t think it’s a big deal but it is an issue that’s likely to get worse</p>",
        "id": 222647739,
        "sender_full_name": "rylev",
        "timestamp": 1610573086
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>What about</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>We should rename the ./part-N.md intro chapters to not have N so that we can move them around.</p>\n</blockquote>",
        "id": 222647740,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610573087
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"307537\">Camelid</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-rustc-dev-guide/topic/meeting.202021.2E01.2E13/near/222647740\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>What about</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>We should rename the ./part-N.md intro chapters to not have N so that we can move them around.</p>\n</blockquote>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I think that's since been fixed</p>",
        "id": 222647774,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610573107
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>hmm I guess not <a href=\"https://rustc-dev-guide.rust-lang.org/part-2-intro.html\">https://rustc-dev-guide.rust-lang.org/part-2-intro.html</a></p>",
        "id": 222647787,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610573119
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>those I think it's worthwhile to rename just so it's less confusing</p>",
        "id": 222647805,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610573129
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>my position is that I'm also midly <span aria-label=\"+1\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44d\" role=\"img\" title=\"+1\">:+1:</span> to make this change, but I don't think it has a huge priority (which is a nice way to say do not assign me <span aria-label=\"joy\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f602\" role=\"img\" title=\"joy\">:joy:</span> )</p>",
        "id": 222647833,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1610573144
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>For the record, it's:</p>\n<p>src/part-2-intro.md<br>\nsrc/part-3-intro.md<br>\nsrc/part-4-intro.md<br>\nsrc/part-5-intro.md</p>",
        "id": 222647855,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610573155
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>No part-1-intro?</p>",
        "id": 222647895,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610573162
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm willing to do the changes, but only if it's ok with the rest</p>",
        "id": 222647912,
        "sender_full_name": "Iñaki Garay",
        "timestamp": 1610573167
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116266\">Santiago Pastorino</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-rustc-dev-guide/topic/meeting.202021.2E01.2E13/near/222647833\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>my position is that I'm also midly <span aria-label=\"+1\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44d\" role=\"img\" title=\"+1\">:+1:</span> to make this change, but I don't think it has a huge priority (which is a nice way to say do not assign me <span aria-label=\"joy\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f602\" role=\"img\" title=\"joy\">:joy:</span> )</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>right, basically my position is \"this is not a <em>bad</em> change but I don't think it's worth contributor time\"</p>",
        "id": 222647928,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610573176
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I feel it's a good use of my ocd</p>",
        "id": 222647939,
        "sender_full_name": "Iñaki Garay",
        "timestamp": 1610573184
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"209053\">Iñaki Garay</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-rustc-dev-guide/topic/meeting.202021.2E01.2E13/near/222647912\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I'm willing to do the changes, but only if it's ok with the rest</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>ok, if you want to tackle it go ahead :) happy to review</p>",
        "id": 222647971,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610573201
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>will prioritize accordingly</p>",
        "id": 222648017,
        "sender_full_name": "Iñaki Garay",
        "timestamp": 1610573219
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So is the plan to add more structure and then put redirects in?</p>",
        "id": 222648019,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610573220
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the hard part is redirects, and you'll need to solve that for renaming part-n anyway</p>",
        "id": 222648024,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610573221
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"209053\">Iñaki Garay</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-rustc-dev-guide/topic/meeting.202021.2E01.2E13/near/222647939\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I feel it's a good use of my ocd</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>or maybe we should prohibit you do that in order to help you :P</p>",
        "id": 222648035,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1610573228
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think we should definitely do the part-N thing. Are you planning on doing that <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"209053\">@Iñaki Garay</span>?</p>",
        "id": 222648082,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610573252
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(Of course fine to say no :)</p>",
        "id": 222648094,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610573259
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yes, I'll do that and the redirects first, and we can then talk again</p>",
        "id": 222648111,
        "sender_full_name": "Iñaki Garay",
        "timestamp": 1610573272
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Sounds like a good plan</p>",
        "id": 222648126,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610573278
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>smaller scope means faster turnaround time</p>",
        "id": 222648187,
        "sender_full_name": "Iñaki Garay",
        "timestamp": 1610573295
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>great, thanks! Assigned you on the issue</p>",
        "id": 222648205,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610573303
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>do we have something else to discuss? or are we finishing right on time? :)</p>",
        "id": 222648259,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1610573333
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well 1 minute before time :)</p>",
        "id": 222648270,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1610573339
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I do have one thing I’d like to discuss eventually. Trying to list out sections that need to be written and trying to encourage sprints for them to be written in instead of just waiting for someone to do it</p>",
        "id": 222648283,
        "sender_full_name": "rylev",
        "timestamp": 1610573346
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>But that can wait</p>",
        "id": 222648305,
        "sender_full_name": "rylev",
        "timestamp": 1610573359
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think organizing a time to do them together is a great idea</p>",
        "id": 222648318,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610573365
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>is this a good time for everyone? maybe we could do that at this time next week</p>",
        "id": 222648349,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610573382
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Wednesday afternoons are in general not great for me.</p>",
        "id": 222648378,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610573395
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>FYI this time is not great for me. It’s fairly late in Europe</p>",
        "id": 222648451,
        "sender_full_name": "rylev",
        "timestamp": 1610573412
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok, then we should use the last couple minutes to find a different meeting time</p>",
        "id": 222648467,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610573420
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>thursdays and fridays are great for me, basically any time of day</p>",
        "id": 222648495,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610573435
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well originally our meetings were on monday</p>",
        "id": 222648543,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1610573459
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe I should open a doodle where people can put their availability?</p>",
        "id": 222648549,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610573461
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>mondays are really bad for me <span aria-label=\"sweat smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f605\" role=\"img\" title=\"sweat smile\">:sweat_smile:</span></p>",
        "id": 222648572,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610573470
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and are actually scheduled on the compiler calendar for mondays</p>",
        "id": 222648576,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1610573473
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>If this works for everyone else we can keep it. I just thought I’d mention it</p>",
        "id": 222648578,
        "sender_full_name": "rylev",
        "timestamp": 1610573473
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but yeah, let's try to find a better time for everyone</p>",
        "id": 222648596,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1610573481
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"232545\">Joshua Nelson</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-rustc-dev-guide/topic/meeting.202021.2E01.2E13/near/222648549\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>maybe I should open a doodle where people can put their availability?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p><span aria-label=\"+1\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44d\" role=\"img\" title=\"+1\">:+1:</span></p>",
        "id": 222648624,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1610573493
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok, I'll do that, post it here, and people can fill it out async</p>",
        "id": 222648663,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610573513
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"232545\">@Joshua Nelson</span> was proposing a special out-of-schedule meeting, right?</p>",
        "id": 222648672,
        "sender_full_name": "Iñaki Garay",
        "timestamp": 1610573516
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"209053\">Iñaki Garay</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-rustc-dev-guide/topic/meeting.202021.2E01.2E13/near/222648672\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I think <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"232545\">Joshua Nelson</span> was proposing a special out-of-schedule meeting, right?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>let's have one more meeting with a consistent schedule first I think</p>",
        "id": 222648739,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610573532
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>organizing times is hard enough <span aria-label=\"laughing\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f606\" role=\"img\" title=\"laughing\">:laughing:</span></p>",
        "id": 222648747,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610573538
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Sounds good to me</p>",
        "id": 222648757,
        "sender_full_name": "rylev",
        "timestamp": 1610573548
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm fine either way, I'm very flexible</p>",
        "id": 222648759,
        "sender_full_name": "Iñaki Garay",
        "timestamp": 1610573549
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>FYI, I added very basic info to this HackMD to summarize the meeting: <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/@camelid/SyDp8zK0D\">https://hackmd.io/@camelid/SyDp8zK0D</a></p>",
        "id": 222648782,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610573567
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I can work on gathering topics</p>",
        "id": 222648783,
        "sender_full_name": "rylev",
        "timestamp": 1610573569
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think we're at time. Thanks everyone for coming :) did you want to bring anything else up?</p>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"261224\">@triagebot</span> await</p>",
        "id": 222648793,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610573577
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Unknown Zulip user. Please add <code>zulip-id = 232545</code> to your file in <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/team\">rust-lang/team</a>.</p>",
        "id": 222648796,
        "sender_full_name": "triagebot",
        "timestamp": 1610573578
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>boooo</p>",
        "id": 222648799,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610573581
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"261224\">@triagebot</span> end-meeting</p>",
        "id": 222648815,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610573588
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Does anyone have something to bring up?<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"working on it\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f6e0\" role=\"img\" title=\"working on it\">:working_on_it:</span> if you have something to say.<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"all good\" class=\"emoji emoji-2705\" role=\"img\" title=\"all good\">:all_good:</span> if you're ready to end the meeting.</p>",
        "id": 222648816,
        "sender_full_name": "triagebot",
        "timestamp": 1610573589
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"307537\">@Camelid</span> do you want to take notes going forward?</p>",
        "id": 222648875,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610573619
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'll try for a bit, but I may drop off – basically, no guarantees <span aria-label=\"laughing\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f606\" role=\"img\" title=\"laughing\">:laughing:</span></p>",
        "id": 222648914,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610573640
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we can take turns</p>",
        "id": 222648960,
        "sender_full_name": "Iñaki Garay",
        "timestamp": 1610573647
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>sounds good - just let us know if you don't have time</p>",
        "id": 222648985,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610573659
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>And it can be shared too – someone tries to do it but other people can add to it</p>",
        "id": 222648997,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610573665
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"261224\">triagebot</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-rustc-dev-guide/topic/meeting.202021.2E01.2E13/near/222648816\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Does anyone have something to bring up?<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"working on it\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f6e0\" role=\"img\" title=\"working on it\">:working_on_it:</span> if you have something to say.<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"all good\" class=\"emoji emoji-2705\" role=\"img\" title=\"all good\">:all_good:</span> if you're ready to end the meeting.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>had no idea this existed, I wanted to do something like that for prioritization but we ended following a different approach</p>",
        "id": 222649011,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1610573672
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, I've seen T-release do it</p>",
        "id": 222649031,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610573683
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"261224\">@triagebot</span> end-meeting</p>",
        "id": 222649044,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610573688
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Does anyone have something to bring up?<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"working on it\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f6e0\" role=\"img\" title=\"working on it\">:working_on_it:</span> if you have something to say.<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"all good\" class=\"emoji emoji-2705\" role=\"img\" title=\"all good\">:all_good:</span> if you're ready to end the meeting.</p>",
        "id": 222649046,
        "sender_full_name": "triagebot",
        "timestamp": 1610573689
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116122\">simulacrum</span>  just wrote it a month or two ago I think</p>",
        "id": 222649049,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610573693
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Really? I thought it's been around for longer</p>",
        "id": 222649064,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610573703
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>does it do anything else aside from post that comment?</p>",
        "id": 222649087,
        "sender_full_name": "Iñaki Garay",
        "timestamp": 1610573719
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Not to my knowledge</p>",
        "id": 222649100,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610573726
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I have to go now – see you all next time!</p>",
        "id": 222649119,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1610573739
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it has a lot of different commetns I think</p>",
        "id": 222649122,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610573740
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but yeah it just posts comments</p>",
        "id": 222649191,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610573763
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>thanks everyone for coming!</p>",
        "id": 222649272,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610573806
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>this was way more productive than usual <span aria-label=\"laughing\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f606\" role=\"img\" title=\"laughing\">:laughing:</span></p>",
        "id": 222649286,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610573816
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"1380\">@WG-rustc-dev-guide</span> please fill out the doodle when you get a chance: <a href=\"https://doodle.com/poll/pfccp35p42xkmgw7?utm_source=poll&amp;utm_medium=link\">https://doodle.com/poll/pfccp35p42xkmgw7?utm_source=poll&amp;utm_medium=link</a></p>\n<p>(and pick at least one time other than monday <span aria-label=\"pray\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f64f\" role=\"img\" title=\"pray\">:pray:</span>)</p>",
        "id": 222650834,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610574633
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I hope to take a look at <a href=\"https://hackmd.io/5BnDamiMSFOO8A_S5xggYQ?both\">https://hackmd.io/5BnDamiMSFOO8A_S5xggYQ?both</a> this weekend, everyone else is free to make edits too :)</p>",
        "id": 222651855,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1610575116
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"232545\">Joshua Nelson</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-rustc-dev-guide/topic/meeting.202021.2E01.2E13/near/222650834\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"1380\">@WG-rustc-dev-guide</span> please fill out the doodle when you get a chance: <a href=\"https://doodle.com/poll/pfccp35p42xkmgw7?utm_source=poll&amp;utm_medium=link\">https://doodle.com/poll/pfccp35p42xkmgw7?utm_source=poll&amp;utm_medium=link</a></p>\n<p>(and pick at least one time other than monday <span aria-label=\"pray\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f64f\" role=\"img\" title=\"pray\">:pray:</span>)</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"1380\">@WG-rustc-dev-guide</span> thanks everyone for voting! The meeting will be at <time datetime=\"2021-02-02T17:00:00Z\">2021-02-02T12:00:00-05:00</time></p>",
        "id": 223332077,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1611118064
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if someone knows how to put that on the official calendar, please do let me know</p>",
        "id": 223332128,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1611118094
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I do believe <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116266\">@Santiago Pastorino</span> has access</p>",
        "id": 223332163,
        "sender_full_name": "Iñaki Garay",
        "timestamp": 1611118199
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I’m on vacations but will add that to the calendar later, for how long should the meeting be?</p>",
        "id": 223363277,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1611143611
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The doodle was for half an hour</p>",
        "id": 223379613,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1611153200
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I've created the event and scheduled every 3 weeks</p>",
        "id": 223559097,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1611257497
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"307537\">Camelid</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/196385-t-compiler.2Fwg-rustc-dev-guide/topic/meeting.202021.2E01.2E13/near/222645545\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>At some point I would like to update the wg-triage section, but there aren't that many people on the team so it's not as important to keep the docs up to date.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I finally updated the section! <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-forge/issues/501\">forge#501</a> <span aria-label=\"tada\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f389\" role=\"img\" title=\"tada\">:tada:</span></p>",
        "id": 223605905,
        "sender_full_name": "Noah Lev",
        "timestamp": 1611294140
    }
]