[
    {
        "content": "<p>I think I'd like to lay out a roadmap for things to do in a more structured and prioritized way</p>",
        "id": 179060258,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1572017333
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>what do people think about this?</p>",
        "id": 179060294,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1572017349
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"198054\">@mark-i-m</span> ?</p>",
        "id": 179060298,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1572017352
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Is there something in particular you had in mind?</p>",
        "id": 179060373,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1572017401
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>In particular, I think all of our time seems pretty limited, so adding too much structure might make it hard for people to contribute</p>",
        "id": 179060469,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1572017440
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>specifically clearly being able to answer the question ... what are the main things we are going after</p>",
        "id": 179060471,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1572017444
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>On the other hand, we might make more progress if we prioritize things</p>",
        "id": 179060489,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1572017457
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>is it getting more videos? is it transcribing chapters? what chapters? do we want to have a overview chapter? is it a priority?</p>",
        "id": 179060509,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1572017474
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hmm yes</p>",
        "id": 179060510,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1572017474
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>things like that :)</p>",
        "id": 179060515,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1572017476
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>On the other hand, we might make more progress if we prioritize things</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>exactly</p>",
        "id": 179060540,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1572017493
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>unsure if the title is planning / roadmap or even vision for this wg</p>",
        "id": 179060594,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1572017518
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or all of that :)</p>",
        "id": 179060610,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1572017522
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess at the same time, we are also still figuring out what the best organization is</p>",
        "id": 179060657,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1572017533
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think the dropbox paper idea seems to work to some extent, but then somebody needs to sit down and just finish the chapter/add it to rustc-guide</p>",
        "id": 179060727,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1572017571
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Regarding a roadmap, I personally think we should focus on filling out the rustc-guide from the lecture series</p>",
        "id": 179061069,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1572017718
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think the vision for the group (as I observe it) is to build tools for helping people get aquainted with the compiler implementation/dev workflows etc. I feel that we have done an overall good job on this, but progress has been slow</p>",
        "id": 179061218,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1572017801
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(partially I think because everyone is busy and experts are in short supply/high demand)</p>",
        "id": 179061260,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1572017830
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>/me thinks</p>",
        "id": 179061292,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1572017853
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Perhaps what we need is some sort of regular cadence. Suppose we did the following:<br>\n- Split the year into 5 periods of 2 months each (with a week of buffer time in between).<br>\n- Each period, we choose a lecture to focus on in that period during the first meeting. We create a shared doc.<br>\n- Over the next month (by the third meeting), everyone watches the lecture and adds what they can. We can have some discussion during the second meeting.<br>\n- In the third meeting, someone volunteers to own the chapter. More discussion, clarifications, etc. We can also announce this on the \"Inside Rust blog\" so that more experts and/or people with questions show up<br>\n- In the fourth meeting, we make any final updates/questions. The person who \"owns\" the chapter makes a PR, copying whatever is in the doc to the rustc-guide. Any open questions are left in the guide as TODOs, which anyone can go back and fill in later.</p>",
        "id": 179062055,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1572018320
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116266\">@Santiago Pastorino</span> Thoughts?</p>",
        "id": 179062070,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1572018325
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>I think the dropbox paper idea seems to work to some extent, but then somebody needs to sit down and just finish the chapter/add it to rustc-guide</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>for this first one I can do that, we may like to propose somebody before hand to do that final work if we keep working this way</p>",
        "id": 179062193,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1572018396
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>Regarding a roadmap, I personally think we should focus on filling out the rustc-guide from the lecture series</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>yeah, agreed, but we need to choose which ones. Also I see the feeling for an overview chapter regardless that we don't have a video for that</p>",
        "id": 179062272,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1572018452
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116009\">@nikomatsakis</span> may help with that, but he is very very very busy :)</p>",
        "id": 179062290,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1572018468
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>(partially I think because everyone is busy and experts are in short supply/high demand)</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>agreed with all what you've said</p>",
        "id": 179062377,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1572018510
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>Perhaps what we need is some sort of regular cadence. Suppose we did the following:<br>\n- Split the year into 5 periods of 2 months each (with a week of buffer time in between).<br>\n- Each period, we choose a lecture to focus on in that period during the first meeting. We create a shared doc.<br>\n- Over the next month (by the third meeting), everyone watches the lecture and adds what they can. We can have some discussion during the second meeting.<br>\n- In the third meeting, someone volunteers to own the chapter. More discussion, clarifications, etc. We can also announce this on the \"Inside Rust blog\" so that more experts and/or people with questions show up<br>\n- In the fourth meeting, we make any final updates/questions. The person who \"owns\" the chapter makes a PR, copying whatever is in the doc to the rustc-guide. Any open questions are left in the guide as TODOs, which anyone can go back and fill in later.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I really like an idea along these lines yeah</p>",
        "id": 179062446,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1572018568
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess this is exactly what I wanted to discuss in a meeting :)</p>",
        "id": 179062466,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1572018584
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span aria-label=\"+1\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44d\" role=\"img\" title=\"+1\">:+1:</span></p>",
        "id": 179062531,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1572018607
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>what if next meeting we extend to an hour and we discuss all this stuff?</p>",
        "id": 179062545,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1572018623
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Unfortunately, I'm unavailable next Tuesday</p>",
        "id": 179062559,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1572018635
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or maybe not next one if we are already ...</p>",
        "id": 179062564,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1572018642
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah</p>",
        "id": 179062568,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1572018643
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the other one, maybe?</p>",
        "id": 179062571,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1572018647
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>By I think that's something we should do</p>",
        "id": 179062574,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1572018648
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Nov 15?</p>",
        "id": 179062608,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1572018676
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well the other one is november 12th, I will be at Rust Fest probably</p>",
        "id": 179062609,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1572018676
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ooops yeah Nov 12... hmm</p>",
        "id": 179062630,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1572018696
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>26th? :P</p>",
        "id": 179062659,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1572018719
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or even any other date really but there's also no rush</p>",
        "id": 179062705,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1572018725
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe would be nice if I can just change the 26th meeting to a planning meeting so we have time</p>",
        "id": 179062723,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1572018741
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>by that date we may have also the chapter merged :)</p>",
        "id": 179062735,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1572018750
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>changed 26th meeting to a planning meeting</p>",
        "id": 179062919,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1572018854
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Sounds good!</p>",
        "id": 179062998,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1572018906
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Maybe good to use this thread to announce/collect ideas for that discussion?</p>",
        "id": 179063037,
        "sender_full_name": "mark-i-m",
        "timestamp": 1572018927
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>definitely</p>",
        "id": 179065990,
        "sender_full_name": "Santiago Pastorino",
        "timestamp": 1572021070
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I like the ideas in this chat.</p>",
        "id": 179086770,
        "sender_full_name": "amanjeev",
        "timestamp": 1572035760
    }
]