<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>Meeting 2021-12-06 · project-error-handling · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/257204-project-error-handling/index.html">project-error-handling</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/257204-project-error-handling/topic/Meeting.202021-12-06.html">Meeting 2021-12-06</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="263894417"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/257204-project-error-handling/topic/Meeting%202021-12-06/near/263894417" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/257204-project-error-handling/topic/Meeting.202021-12-06.html#263894417">(Dec 06 2021 at 18:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hey everyone, I know a lot of people are going to be out for the next month so I figure we should do the next couple of error handling meetings async</p>



<a name="263894453"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/257204-project-error-handling/topic/Meeting%202021-12-06/near/263894453" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/257204-project-error-handling/topic/Meeting.202021-12-06.html#263894453">(Dec 06 2021 at 18:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>Agenda: <a href="https://hackmd.io/@rust-libs/Byt9ERjFt">https://hackmd.io/@rust-libs/Byt9ERjFt</a></p>



<a name="263894636"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/257204-project-error-handling/topic/Meeting%202021-12-06/near/263894636" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/257204-project-error-handling/topic/Meeting.202021-12-06.html#263894636">(Dec 06 2021 at 18:29)</a>:</h4>
<p>My current focus is getting the Error trait into core</p>



<a name="263894809"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/257204-project-error-handling/topic/Meeting%202021-12-06/near/263894809" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/257204-project-error-handling/topic/Meeting.202021-12-06.html#263894809">(Dec 06 2021 at 18:30)</a>:</h4>
<p>which mainly boils down two issues</p>



<a name="263894938"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/257204-project-error-handling/topic/Meeting%202021-12-06/near/263894938" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/257204-project-error-handling/topic/Meeting.202021-12-06.html#263894938">(Dec 06 2021 at 18:31)</a>:</h4>
<ol>
<li>adding the requisite lang items to split the downcast methods across core and alloc: <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/90328">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/90328</a></li>
</ol>



<a name="263894975"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/257204-project-error-handling/topic/Meeting%202021-12-06/near/263894975" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/257204-project-error-handling/topic/Meeting.202021-12-06.html#263894975">(Dec 06 2021 at 18:31)</a>:</h4>
<p>and</p>



<a name="263895075"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/257204-project-error-handling/topic/Meeting%202021-12-06/near/263895075" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/257204-project-error-handling/topic/Meeting.202021-12-06.html#263895075">(Dec 06 2021 at 18:31)</a>:</h4>
<ol start="2">
<li>landing generic member access on nightly and removing <code>fn backtrace</code> from the Error trait</li>
</ol>



<a name="263895234"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/257204-project-error-handling/topic/Meeting%202021-12-06/near/263895234" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/257204-project-error-handling/topic/Meeting.202021-12-06.html#263895234">(Dec 06 2021 at 18:32)</a>:</h4>
<p>2 could also be done via the Backtrace in core RFC but my impression / hope is that we avoid that implementation short term since it is significantly more complicated</p>



<a name="263895563"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/257204-project-error-handling/topic/Meeting%202021-12-06/near/263895563" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nick Cameron <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/257204-project-error-handling/topic/Meeting.202021-12-06.html#263895563">(Dec 06 2021 at 18:34)</a>:</h4>
<p>I did a pass on the provide any rfc and answered most comments today, so it’s ready for another round of review</p>



<a name="263895617"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/257204-project-error-handling/topic/Meeting%202021-12-06/near/263895617" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/257204-project-error-handling/topic/Meeting.202021-12-06.html#263895617">(Dec 06 2021 at 18:34)</a>:</h4>
<p>perfect</p>



<a name="263895685"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/257204-project-error-handling/topic/Meeting%202021-12-06/near/263895685" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/257204-project-error-handling/topic/Meeting.202021-12-06.html#263895685">(Dec 06 2021 at 18:35)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="256841">@Nick Cameron</span> did you want to also setup a PR implementing the provide_any RFC on nightly?</p>



<a name="263895963"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/257204-project-error-handling/topic/Meeting%202021-12-06/near/263895963" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nick Cameron <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/257204-project-error-handling/topic/Meeting.202021-12-06.html#263895963">(Dec 06 2021 at 18:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>I could do, yeah. I’ll probably have time Thursday or Friday. I’d expect to put it all into the any module as suggested rather than the existing separate module, so I expect refactoring the documentation of the mega module will be the most time consuming</p>



<a name="263895997"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/257204-project-error-handling/topic/Meeting%202021-12-06/near/263895997" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/257204-project-error-handling/topic/Meeting.202021-12-06.html#263895997">(Dec 06 2021 at 18:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>ack</p>



<a name="263896030"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/257204-project-error-handling/topic/Meeting%202021-12-06/near/263896030" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/257204-project-error-handling/topic/Meeting.202021-12-06.html#263896030">(Dec 06 2021 at 18:37)</a>:</h4>
<p>also lmk if I can help at all</p>



<a name="263896084"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/257204-project-error-handling/topic/Meeting%202021-12-06/near/263896084" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/257204-project-error-handling/topic/Meeting.202021-12-06.html#263896084">(Dec 06 2021 at 18:37)</a>:</h4>
<p>beyond providing further review for the RFC</p>



<a name="263896092"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/257204-project-error-handling/topic/Meeting%202021-12-06/near/263896092" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/257204-project-error-handling/topic/Meeting.202021-12-06.html#263896092">(Dec 06 2021 at 18:37)</a>:</h4>
<p>which I already plan on doing</p>



<a name="263896279"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/257204-project-error-handling/topic/Meeting%202021-12-06/near/263896279" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nick Cameron <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/257204-project-error-handling/topic/Meeting.202021-12-06.html#263896279">(Dec 06 2021 at 18:38)</a>:</h4>
<p>Cool, thanks! I’ll let you know if anything comes up, otherwise it should just be merging my prototype crate into std</p>



<a name="263896305"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/257204-project-error-handling/topic/Meeting%202021-12-06/near/263896305" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/257204-project-error-handling/topic/Meeting.202021-12-06.html#263896305">(Dec 06 2021 at 18:38)</a>:</h4>
<p><span aria-label="+1" class="emoji emoji-1f44d" role="img" title="+1">:+1:</span></p>



<a name="264487112"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/257204-project-error-handling/topic/Meeting%202021-12-06/near/264487112" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nick Cameron <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/257204-project-error-handling/topic/Meeting.202021-12-06.html#264487112">(Dec 10 2021 at 18:18)</a>:</h4>
<p>So I almost have a PR ready for adding provide_any to core, but I found a little snag in the design - the blanket impl I use won't work for downstream crates (or in the docs). Error is not affected (or at least it won't be once it is moved to core). I'll investigate a little bit, but I expect there is a fairly easy fix. Anyway, I hope I'll have an update for the RFC plus the draft PR ready early next week</p>



<a name="264490450"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/257204-project-error-handling/topic/Meeting%202021-12-06/near/264490450" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/257204-project-error-handling/topic/Meeting.202021-12-06.html#264490450">(Dec 10 2021 at 18:42)</a>:</h4>
<p>awesome!</p>



<a name="265035245"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/257204-project-error-handling/topic/Meeting%202021-12-06/near/265035245" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Nick Cameron <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/257204-project-error-handling/topic/Meeting.202021-12-06.html#265035245">(Dec 15 2021 at 16:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>I was off work the last few days, but here is the PR: <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/91970">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/91970</a> I've updated the RFC slightly too</p>



<a name="265035678"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/257204-project-error-handling/topic/Meeting%202021-12-06/near/265035678" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jane Lusby [she/her] <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/257204-project-error-handling/topic/Meeting.202021-12-06.html#265035678">(Dec 15 2021 at 16:29)</a>:</h4>
<p>Amazing!</p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 20:01 UTC</p>
</html>