[
    {
        "content": "<p>I won't be able to attend today, sorry</p>",
        "id": 209509768,
        "sender_full_name": "Aidan Hobson Sayers",
        "timestamp": 1599658086
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>o/</p>",
        "id": 209514058,
        "sender_full_name": "Jake Goulding",
        "timestamp": 1599660001
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>o/</p>",
        "id": 209514135,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1599660021
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"2943\">@T-infra</span> meeting time!</p>",
        "id": 209514151,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1599660030
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>O/</p>",
        "id": 209514163,
        "sender_full_name": "kennytm",
        "timestamp": 1599660038
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok, let's start!</p>",
        "id": 209514255,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1599660077
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we have a nominated PR: <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/76272\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/76272</a></p>",
        "id": 209514286,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1599660088
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>Skip CI when drafts are opened</p>\n</blockquote>",
        "id": 209514293,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1599660095
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'd personally prefer to keep running CI for draft PRs</p>",
        "id": 209514377,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1599660126
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>as we don't have capacity issues for PRs right now and if notifications are noisy we can disable RLA instead</p>",
        "id": 209514421,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1599660150
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>what do y'all think?</p>",
        "id": 209514431,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1599660154
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think this is more a documentation issue than anything else</p>",
        "id": 209514451,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1599660165
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>new contributors don't feel comfortable using CI capacity</p>",
        "id": 209514477,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1599660178
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>they think it wastes resources</p>",
        "id": 209514492,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1599660183
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>they can still use the <code>[skip-ci]</code> commit message if they are truly worried?</p>",
        "id": 209514528,
        "sender_full_name": "kennytm",
        "timestamp": 1599660199
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>does that actually work with GHA?</p>",
        "id": 209514564,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1599660208
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>not sure <span aria-label=\"upside down\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f643\" role=\"img\" title=\"upside down\">:upside_down:</span></p>",
        "id": 209514587,
        "sender_full_name": "kennytm",
        "timestamp": 1599660217
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>As I said there I'm unconvinced anything needs to change. We could amend the highfive intro message to say \"Hey using CI is fine!\"</p>",
        "id": 209514590,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1599660218
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116122\">simulacrum</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/2020-09-09.20meeting/near/209514590\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>As I said there I'm unconvinced anything needs to change. We could amend the highfive intro message to say \"Hey using CI is fine!\"</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>this doesn't help if they never make the PR in the first place because they're worried</p>",
        "id": 209514655,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1599660240
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://github.community/t/github-actions-does-not-respect-skip-ci/17325/9\">https://github.community/t/github-actions-does-not-respect-skip-ci/17325/9</a></p>",
        "id": 209514712,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1599660247
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"281757\">@Jubilee</span> what do you think?</p>",
        "id": 209514729,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1599660250
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"232545\">@Joshua Nelson</span> how would you propose solving the documentation issue?</p>",
        "id": 209514743,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1599660256
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think this should change in the dev guide</p>",
        "id": 209514763,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1599660266
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>although we already say it's ok to use CI ...</p>",
        "id": 209514790,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1599660274
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>There was also the suggestion to not auto-assign a person while it's draft.</p>",
        "id": 209514829,
        "sender_full_name": "Jake Goulding",
        "timestamp": 1599660285
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I would have used that feature for my recent CI tinkering)</p>",
        "id": 209514890,
        "sender_full_name": "Jake Goulding",
        "timestamp": 1599660305
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116155\">Jake Goulding</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/2020-09-09.20meeting/near/209514829\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>There was also the suggestion to not auto-assign a person while it's draft.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>unless they use <code>r?</code>, yeah</p>",
        "id": 209514928,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1599660319
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>r? @ghost is what I do for that, but I guess that's \"advanced\"</p>",
        "id": 209514988,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1599660340
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it's also not documented ;)</p>",
        "id": 209515012,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1599660351
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it should still auto-assign a person after undrafting the PR (unless with explicit <code>r? @ghost</code>)</p>",
        "id": 209515016,
        "sender_full_name": "kennytm",
        "timestamp": 1599660354
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it also crashes highfive <span aria-label=\"laughing\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f606\" role=\"img\" title=\"laughing\">:laughing:</span></p>",
        "id": 209515037,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1599660358
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So if people are worried about taking up human resources or machine resources are distinct but related.</p>",
        "id": 209515041,
        "sender_full_name": "Jake Goulding",
        "timestamp": 1599660359
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(like, continue to use it, but the reason we do <code>r? @ghost</code> is that it crashes highfive <em>before</em> it does anything with the PR)</p>",
        "id": 209515179,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1599660405
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>/me doesn't have time to implement changes for this</p>",
        "id": 209515184,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1599660408
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I'm pretty much fine with whatever, I won't use draft PRs probably anyway</p>",
        "id": 209515217,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1599660431
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so, to wrangle this discussion a bit, it seems like instead of that PR those could be the action items:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>document that it's fine to use CI on rustc-dev-guide (even though <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"232545\">@Joshua Nelson</span> says it's already documented?)</li>\n<li>change RLA to avoid posting comments in draft PRs</li>\n<li>avoid highfive auto-assigning people in draft PRs</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 209515401,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1599660503
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>does that seem correct? and is anyone willing to do the work?</p>",
        "id": 209515421,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1599660517
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"121055\">Pietro Albini</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/2020-09-09.20meeting/near/209515401\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>so, to wrangle this discussion a bit, it seems like instead of that PR those could be the action items:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>document that it's fine to use CI on rustc-dev-guide (even though <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"232545\">Joshua Nelson</span> says it's already documented?)</li>\n<li>change RLA to avoid posting comments in draft PRs</li>\n<li>avoid highfive auto-assigning people in draft PRs</li>\n</ul>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I think the documentation is <em>hard to find</em></p>",
        "id": 209515459,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1599660540
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but that should change in <span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"1380\">@WG-rustc-dev-guide</span> , not in infra team IMO</p>",
        "id": 209515491,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1599660556
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I am missing why disabling RLA is beneficial.</p>",
        "id": 209515512,
        "sender_full_name": "Jake Goulding",
        "timestamp": 1599660568
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"232545\">Joshua Nelson</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/2020-09-09.20meeting/near/209515459\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"121055\">Pietro Albini</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/2020-09-09.20meeting/near/209515401\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>so, to wrangle this discussion a bit, it seems like instead of that PR those could be the action items:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>document that it's fine to use CI on rustc-dev-guide (even though <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"232545\">Joshua Nelson</span> says it's already documented?)</li>\n<li>change RLA to avoid posting comments in draft PRs</li>\n<li>avoid highfive auto-assigning people in draft PRs</li>\n</ul>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I think the documentation is <em>hard to find</em></p>\n</blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"232545\">@Joshua Nelson</span> I'm not sure how to make it noticeable though, other than a neon banner \"hey feel free to open in-progress PRs and Use CI for them\", which we can't really do</p>",
        "id": 209515668,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1599660623
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116155\">@Jake Goulding</span> I think people maybe get annoyed with the messages?</p>",
        "id": 209515741,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1599660658
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hmm. I think if CI is going to run, then we should try to be as helpful about interpreting the CI results as we can (which is what RLA is for, right?)</p>",
        "id": 209515863,
        "sender_full_name": "Jake Goulding",
        "timestamp": 1599660713
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>to give you an idea, this is where it's currently documented: <a href=\"https://rustc-dev-guide.rust-lang.org/building/prerequisites.html#hardware\">https://rustc-dev-guide.rust-lang.org/building/prerequisites.html#hardware</a></p>",
        "id": 209515881,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1599660720
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>which is not exactly easy to find</p>",
        "id": 209515930,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1599660726
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>honestly I think putting it anywhere in rustc-dev-guide is not going to reach <em>everyone</em></p>",
        "id": 209516019,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1599660764
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but it's not like we have better places</p>",
        "id": 209516057,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1599660777
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah :/ I think a message by high-five would definitely be helpful</p>",
        "id": 209516090,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1599660791
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it just also won't reach <em>everyone</em></p>",
        "id": 209516117,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1599660802
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think the highfive message is also getting too long, so adding things to it might not be beneficial</p>",
        "id": 209516288,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1599660853
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>default PR text? Maybe?</p>",
        "id": 209516291,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1599660853
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Do we have a PR template? Could be there for the people who get that far.</p>\n<p>Ultimately, if people just have a gut feeling that opening a PR is \"bad\" they aren't going to second guess themselves and go looking.</p>",
        "id": 209516295,
        "sender_full_name": "Jake Goulding",
        "timestamp": 1599660855
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116155\">Jake Goulding</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/2020-09-09.20meeting/near/209516295\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Do we have a PR template? Could be there for the people who get that far.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I like that idea</p>",
        "id": 209516429,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1599660908
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>But I do feel that we're not going to be able to help people who don't get to PR phase</p>",
        "id": 209516605,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1599660967
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i.e., if they think they should hold off on a PR, then there's really nothing we can do <em>in the PR</em> to help them</p>",
        "id": 209516657,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1599660984
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah</p>",
        "id": 209516823,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1599661058
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess a \"It's also fine to use CI to test whether a change works, if you have trouble running tests on your computer.\" line in highfive won't hurt for people who end up opening the PR</p>",
        "id": 209517010,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1599661130
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>perhaps s/if//</p>",
        "id": 209517050,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1599661152
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I do that and I have good hardware :)</p>",
        "id": 209517074,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1599661163
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>fair <span aria-label=\"laughing\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f606\" role=\"img\" title=\"laughing\">:laughing:</span></p>",
        "id": 209517106,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1599661176
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok let's wrangle things up a bit, what do y'all think of the proposals?</p>",
        "id": 209517151,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1599661197
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>disable CI for draft PRs</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 209517224,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1599661208
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>disable RLA for draft PRs</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 209517270,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1599661229
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>improve the documentation in rustc-dev-guide to say it's fine to create in-progress PRs and use CI on them</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 209517337,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1599661270
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>add a line to the highfive message saying it's fine to use CI to test things</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 209517422,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1599661304
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>add a PR template saying it's fine to use CI to test things</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 209517502,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1599661330
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"2943\">@T-infra</span> I think I caught all options, please vote!</p>",
        "id": 209517577,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1599661363
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I'll cast mine by removing the other emoji once things have settled)</p>",
        "id": 209517600,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1599661375
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>For ones I have no strong opinion on, would you rather no vote or an \"abstain\" vote?</p>",
        "id": 209517658,
        "sender_full_name": "Jake Goulding",
        "timestamp": 1599661402
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116155\">@Jake Goulding</span> added emojis for that :)</p>",
        "id": 209517806,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1599661458
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok also casted my votes</p>",
        "id": 209517897,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1599661506
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I know you like your numbers to tally up :-)</p>",
        "id": 209517900,
        "sender_full_name": "Jake Goulding",
        "timestamp": 1599661507
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>sounds like this just needs to change in the dev-guide then</p>",
        "id": 209518010,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1599661560
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'll open an issue</p>",
        "id": 209518051,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1599661563
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>thanks <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"232545\">@Joshua Nelson</span> for doing that, and <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"281757\">@Jubilee</span> for starting the conversation!</p>",
        "id": 209518111,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1599661591
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'll close the PR after the meeting</p>",
        "id": 209518171,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1599661615
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>moving on!</p>",
        "id": 209518173,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1599661617
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>there are no other issues for us to look at</p>",
        "id": 209518215,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1599661639
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the only item on the agenda is \"Start gating macOS on both Azure and GHA\"</p>",
        "id": 209518226,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1599661644
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>github seems to have fixed most of the spurious errors in macOS on GHA, so I think we should try and start gating on both macOS platforms again</p>",
        "id": 209518318,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1599661678
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and wait a week or two to see if spurious failures happen before making a decision</p>",
        "id": 209518385,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1599661691
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I feel fine doing this</p>",
        "id": 209518388,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1599661693
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>what do y'all think?</p>",
        "id": 209518394,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1599661695
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok then! I'll open PRs in a bit</p>",
        "id": 209518598,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1599661798
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that's all from the agenda</p>",
        "id": 209518624,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1599661802
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>does anyone have items to bring up? <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"261224\">@triagebot</span> await</p>",
        "id": 209518665,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1599661811
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Does anyone have something to add on this topic, or should we move on?<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"working on it\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f6e0\" role=\"img\" title=\"working on it\">:working_on_it:</span> if you have something to say.<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"all good\" class=\"emoji emoji-2705\" role=\"img\" title=\"all good\">:all_good:</span> if we should move on.</p>",
        "id": 209518669,
        "sender_full_name": "triagebot",
        "timestamp": 1599661811
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(otherwise we'll end the meeting)</p>",
        "id": 209518690,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1599661822
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116155\">@Jake Goulding</span> if you're so scared of ending the meeting you can always propose other topics <span aria-label=\"upside down\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f643\" role=\"img\" title=\"upside down\">:upside_down:</span></p>",
        "id": 209518749,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1599661848
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>opened <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rustc-dev-guide/issues/866\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rustc-dev-guide/issues/866</a></p>",
        "id": 209518767,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1599661855
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Proposal: who will tell me how to setup sccache \"like CI\" locally so I can see if that's what causes ARM macOS to not work</p>",
        "id": 209518852,
        "sender_full_name": "Jake Goulding",
        "timestamp": 1599661892
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that's a really good question</p>",
        "id": 209518884,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1599661911
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but we can discuss that async</p>",
        "id": 209518952,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1599661926
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>thanks everyone for attending!</p>",
        "id": 209518961,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1599661930
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>\\o</p>",
        "id": 209518970,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1599661932
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>certainly :-)</p>",
        "id": 209518971,
        "sender_full_name": "Jake Goulding",
        "timestamp": 1599661932
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>\\o</p>",
        "id": 209518974,
        "sender_full_name": "Jake Goulding",
        "timestamp": 1599661935
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>\\o</p>",
        "id": 209518988,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1599661940
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>\\o</p>",
        "id": 209519075,
        "sender_full_name": "kennytm",
        "timestamp": 1599661992
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/67357\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/67357</a> should also be closed then</p>",
        "id": 209519224,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1599662052
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm not great at being awake at 0700. <span aria-label=\"sweat smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f605\" role=\"img\" title=\"sweat smile\">:sweat_smile:</span> Sounds good~</p>",
        "id": 209543740,
        "sender_full_name": "Jubilee",
        "timestamp": 1599673093
    }
]