[
    {
        "content": "<p>Hello infra people! I'm getting started on the \"Zero to Production in Rust\" book and in it, they are recommending the use of several GitHub actions from <a href=\"https://github.com/actions-rs\">actions-rs</a>. Looking into the state of those actions, they appear to need a little bit of maintenance. The current maintainer <a href=\"https://github.com/actions-rs/cargo/pull/59#issuecomment-1012974186\">does not appear to be open to community contributions</a> and is suggesting that if the community wants to maintain the actions, they should fork the repos.</p>\n<p>Would the Rust Infra team be interested in adopting these GitHub actions under the Rust org in Github or would it be better for the community members that are looking to perform the maintenance to create a fork? There is <a href=\"https://github.com/actions-rs/meta/issues/43\">an open issue</a> where the community is discussing what action to take so if you would like to add to that discussion, it would be appreciated.  I worked at Puppet for quite a few years doing FOSS maintainership there and I'm using GitHub actions extensively in my current role, so I'm happy to help out in whatever way I can.</p>\n<p>Thank you for everything you do, and looking forward to hearing from you!</p>",
        "id": 275938951,
        "sender_full_name": "Brandon High",
        "timestamp": 1647737412
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>How are you defining \"in need of maintenance\", exactly?</p>",
        "id": 275939933,
        "sender_full_name": "Jubilee",
        "timestamp": 1647738857
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>There's quite a few open PRs with active discussion by community members to add necessary functionality to the actions, as well as dependabot updates to dependencies.</p>",
        "id": 275940019,
        "sender_full_name": "Brandon High",
        "timestamp": 1647739076
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>\"necessary\" functionality?</p>",
        "id": 275940201,
        "sender_full_name": "Jubilee",
        "timestamp": 1647739326
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Without svartalf's assent, anything rust-lang did would merely be creating another fork.</p>",
        "id": 275940465,
        "sender_full_name": "Jubilee",
        "timestamp": 1647739802
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>A couple of example from the actions-rs/cargo action:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>There are 20 dependabot PRs open, 8 of which are security-related</li>\n<li>It can't be configured to work on a subdirectory of the checkout, this PR adds a <code>working-dir</code> parameter to be able to to that. <a href=\"https://github.com/actions-rs/cargo/pull/59\">https://github.com/actions-rs/cargo/pull/59</a></li>\n</ul>\n<p>actions-rs/toolchain</p>\n<ul>\n<li>19 dependabot PRs, 10 security related</li>\n<li>rust-toolchain.toml support is missing, this PR adds it <a href=\"https://github.com/actions-rs/toolchain/pull/209\">https://github.com/actions-rs/toolchain/pull/209</a></li>\n</ul>\n<p>Most of the actions are in a similar state to those, with some community PRs to add missing necessary functionality and a lot of dependabot PRs. For the most part, the actions continue to work for now, so I don't think it's a critical risk but if things continue as they are, the community will continue to fork the actions off into their own fragmented namespaces, which I feel will make the experience of setting up CI for many new developers more confusing.</p>\n<p>Re: svartalf's assent: I'm suggesting that it seems that the only party that svartalf would give assent to is someone from the rust-lang org because they seem to mistrust any community contributions. No worries if engaging with this conversation isn't something that the rust-lang org doesn't have time for, I just wanted to know if there was any feedback or input on how the community should proceed here because that will determine if I end up making my own fork or not.</p>",
        "id": 275940844,
        "sender_full_name": "Brandon High",
        "timestamp": 1647740476
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I am not T-infra and so I cannot speak for them, ultimately, but I am not sure we are not part of \"the community\".</p>",
        "id": 275940976,
        "sender_full_name": "Jubilee",
        "timestamp": 1647740720
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Fair enough, if you aren't using GH actions as an org then it is likely going to be of minimal value to you to help maintain something like this. That's all I wanted to know; if there was an interest. :)</p>",
        "id": 275941034,
        "sender_full_name": "Brandon High",
        "timestamp": 1647740796
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ah, I see your comment now. Thanks for adding to the discussion, I think that will clarify things for everyone well and perhaps spur more of a discussion around creating our own little community around these GH Actions. Sorry if I've bothered you.</p>",
        "id": 275941268,
        "sender_full_name": "Brandon High",
        "timestamp": 1647741238
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I actually <strong>did</strong> parachute in to fix up a crate once but it was because things were not compiling at all otherwise, it was a critical dependency for a lot of stuff, and I was about to become responsible for its immediate replacement in <code>std</code> anyways so knowing what I needed to overtake in features was important.</p>",
        "id": 275941603,
        "sender_full_name": "Jubilee",
        "timestamp": 1647741704
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I hear you. It's hard to decide when it will be worthwhile to drop in on something like this or not. We only have so much time and energy in our lives so we have to be wise about where we spend it. I'm sure I'll be having a similar debate myself in a few months if I find that these actions stop working on me. <span aria-label=\"laughing\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f606\" role=\"img\" title=\"laughing\">:laughing:</span></p>",
        "id": 275941790,
        "sender_full_name": "Brandon High",
        "timestamp": 1647742019
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Thanks again for hopping in. Hopefully we'll be able to sort it out on our own.</p>",
        "id": 275941859,
        "sender_full_name": "Brandon High",
        "timestamp": 1647742131
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>hey, thanks for the messages!</p>",
        "id": 275959465,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1647771412
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>In general the infra team is more focused towards the infrastructure of the Rust project itself, rather than providing infrastructure tooling for the wider community. We're also fairly stretched in the amount of time we have to work on things, so I'm wary of expanding the scope of the team.</p>",
        "id": 275959495,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1647771476
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Regarding trust, I fully understand and admire the stance of the maintainer of the actions-rs org: that organization is a <em>huge</em> attack vector (similar to extremely popular Rust crates), and if a malicious actor gets access to it they'd be able to compromise a lot of CIs. That's also the reason (for example) why sensitive repositories in the rust-lang org do not use any third-party action, and instead we hand-roll our own: I wouldn't trust random actions for example on rust-lang/rust.</p>",
        "id": 275959617,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1647771621
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yep, I’m with you there. The Zero to Production in Rust book that I’m reading recommended using these actions as part of the CI setup so I did what I’d normally do for a production system and started auditing them. When I found a bunch were out of date and had long standing PRs open, I started questioning if they were really appropriate to use in a production setting.</p>\n<p>I think for the sake of learning and ease of use, I’ll continue using them for now. But if I’m ever deploying an application or library for real users, I’ll probably just use the various cargo commands directly from CI rather than having a wrapper maintained by someone else. Or, if I’m working with a team or need to use the same workflows in multiple places, I’ll make my own shared CI workflows.</p>",
        "id": 275980883,
        "sender_full_name": "Brandon High",
        "timestamp": 1647800807
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"487356\">@Brandon High</span> this may be a long shot, but perhaps try asking the devtools team in <a class=\"stream\" data-stream-id=\"301329\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/301329-t-devtools\">#t-devtools</a> , since this seems more like their purview</p>",
        "id": 276382967,
        "sender_full_name": "bstrie",
        "timestamp": 1648061528
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ah, that makes sense! Thanks for the recommendation.</p>",
        "id": 276740285,
        "sender_full_name": "Brandon High",
        "timestamp": 1648321035
    }
]