[
    {
        "content": "<p>There have been a few people complaining about Rust being “broken” because aarch64-apple-darwin doesn’t have docs. Should we consider adding it, even though its tier 2?</p>",
        "id": 230020368,
        "sender_full_name": "Jake Goulding",
        "timestamp": 1615551934
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rustup/issues/2692#issue-829938556\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rustup/issues/2692#issue-829938556</a></li>\n<li><a href=\"https://users.rust-lang.org/t/problem-with-rust-in-apple-silicon/56535?u=shepmaster\">https://users.rust-lang.org/t/problem-with-rust-in-apple-silicon/56535?u=shepmaster</a></li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 230020452,
        "sender_full_name": "Jake Goulding",
        "timestamp": 1615551973
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I won’t be able to attend the meeting, but my inclination is we should build these.</p>",
        "id": 230020510,
        "sender_full_name": "Jake Goulding",
        "timestamp": 1615552010
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't really want to add ad-hoc things to our tiering system, but we've long wanted to have the linux docs shipped for all targets we don't build \"native\" docs for</p>",
        "id": 230021463,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1615552540
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I just don't have bandwidth to implement that right now, and IIRC there's some open questions around how to precisely do so</p>",
        "id": 230021568,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1615552572
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>In theory it could be a fallback in rustup itself.</p>",
        "id": 230021589,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1615552588
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>can't attend today, sorry y'all</p>",
        "id": 230381572,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1615827360
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I admit to thinking that the meeting was... now</p>",
        "id": 230383888,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1615828188
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Maybe we're messed up due to DST?</p>",
        "id": 230383968,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1615828205
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yep, according to my EST-aware calendar entry it's in 1hr</p>",
        "id": 230384040,
        "sender_full_name": "Aidan Hobson Sayers",
        "timestamp": 1615828225
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-03-01/near/227615228\">https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-03-01/near/227615228</a></p>",
        "id": 230384091,
        "sender_full_name": "Aidan Hobson Sayers",
        "timestamp": 1615828246
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>hm, I guess we're following europe then?</p>",
        "id": 230384127,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1615828260
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The meetings were at 1pm in eastern coast of the us, and it is currently 1pm</p>",
        "id": 230384200,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1615828291
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I can't make 2pm today at least</p>",
        "id": 230384215,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1615828302
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think we pinned to EST (which isn't dst-aware) rather than ET - thoughts <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116155\">@Jake Goulding</span>?</p>",
        "id": 230384411,
        "sender_full_name": "Aidan Hobson Sayers",
        "timestamp": 1615828373
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well I can't make in an hour anyway, so we can do something impromptu now :)</p>",
        "id": 230384485,
        "sender_full_name": "Aidan Hobson Sayers",
        "timestamp": 1615828405
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think the main item from me was the item in infra-private from the last week - I'll message pietro about that</p>",
        "id": 230384724,
        "sender_full_name": "Aidan Hobson Sayers",
        "timestamp": 1615828478
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>on meeting timezone - I'd propose tracking ET so that we shift with US timezones</p>",
        "id": 230385065,
        "sender_full_name": "Aidan Hobson Sayers",
        "timestamp": 1615828606
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that's all from me - I'll come back later to see any follow up discussion and potentially follow up on timezones</p>",
        "id": 230385514,
        "sender_full_name": "Aidan Hobson Sayers",
        "timestamp": 1615828784
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>My intent was that the meeting started 33 minutes ago :-)</p>",
        "id": 230387736,
        "sender_full_name": "Jake Goulding",
        "timestamp": 1615829602
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We should calculate when the daylight saving difference changes between any 2 pairs of the team and declare those team holidays :-)</p>",
        "id": 230387953,
        "sender_full_name": "Jake Goulding",
        "timestamp": 1615829667
    }
]