[
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"2943\">@T-infra</span> t-2min!</p>",
        "id": 223383272,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611154704
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I’m running 2 to 5 minutes late but I should be there soon</p>",
        "id": 223383397,
        "sender_full_name": "Jake Goulding",
        "timestamp": 1611154770
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"2943\">@T-infra</span> meeting time!</p>",
        "id": 223383646,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611154833
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>o/</p>",
        "id": 223383682,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611154839
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>o/</p>",
        "id": 223383710,
        "sender_full_name": "kennytm",
        "timestamp": 1611154844
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok, let's start!</p>",
        "id": 223384298,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611154968
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we have two P-high issues</p>",
        "id": 223384319,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611154973
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/80683\">#80683</a> and <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/80494\">#80494</a></p>",
        "id": 223384387,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611154989
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>both of those are fixed on master and need to be backported over to beta</p>",
        "id": 223384417,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611154998
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>o/</p>",
        "id": 223384420,
        "sender_full_name": "Aidan Hobson Sayers",
        "timestamp": 1611154998
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so there should be no action on them from us</p>",
        "id": 223384508,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611155023
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>backport PR is r+'d</p>",
        "id": 223384574,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611155042
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>there was a delay due to rustfmt/rls but that is resolved now</p>",
        "id": 223384646,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611155053
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that's great <span aria-label=\"tada\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f389\" role=\"img\" title=\"tada\">:tada:</span></p>",
        "id": 223384654,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611155056
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>o/</p>",
        "id": 223384677,
        "sender_full_name": "Jake Goulding",
        "timestamp": 1611155063
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>thanks for being on top of this mark</p>",
        "id": 223384682,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611155064
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>let's move over to the agenda!</p>",
        "id": 223384746,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611155083
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the first item we have is a followup on stopping to store the .gz tarballs on rust-lang-ci2</p>",
        "id": 223384894,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611155120
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/80753\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/80753</a></p>",
        "id": 223384957,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611155141
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we stopped uploading new <code>.gz</code> tarballs more than three weeks ago, and I'm not aware of any report of breakage due to that</p>",
        "id": 223385231,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611155196
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that's great</p>",
        "id": 223385275,
        "sender_full_name": "Aidan Hobson Sayers",
        "timestamp": 1611155206
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well - we fixed breakage</p>",
        "id": 223385309,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611155217
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>e.g. x.py broke on downloading the llvm tarballs with python 2, because python 2 doesn't have xz built in</p>",
        "id": 223385397,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611155242
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>fixing breakage is also great :)</p>",
        "id": 223385408,
        "sender_full_name": "Aidan Hobson Sayers",
        "timestamp": 1611155245
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>which was actually not fixed, more like patched over</p>",
        "id": 223385480,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611155270
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>huh - I thought this only affected CI. I hadn't realised x.py grabs things from CI</p>",
        "id": 223385500,
        "sender_full_name": "Aidan Hobson Sayers",
        "timestamp": 1611155282
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>forgot about that issue!</p>",
        "id": 223385545,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611155285
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116122\">@simulacrum</span> do you think the current situation is fine, or would you prefer to revert to uploading <code>.gz</code>?</p>",
        "id": 223385601,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611155315
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think it's fine</p>",
        "id": 223385672,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611155348
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i'm eager to ditch python 2</p>",
        "id": 223385690,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611155353
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but Hard problem</p>",
        "id": 223385708,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611155363
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>was there an issue raised you could link to?</p>",
        "id": 223385711,
        "sender_full_name": "Aidan Hobson Sayers",
        "timestamp": 1611155363
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ah, not off hand</p>",
        "id": 223385730,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611155373
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>no worries - what was the 'patch over' that we did?</p>",
        "id": 223385834,
        "sender_full_name": "Aidan Hobson Sayers",
        "timestamp": 1611155410
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"#narrow/stream/182449-t-compiler.2Fhelp/topic/download-ci-llvm.20is.20broken.20again\">https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/182449-t-compiler.2Fhelp/topic/download-ci-llvm.20is.20broken.20again</a></p>",
        "id": 223385863,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611155423
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we more eagerly run as python3</p>",
        "id": 223385876,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611155429
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>by re-executing x.py with various python 3 invocations</p>",
        "id": 223385911,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611155445
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think that seems good, this can be our nail in the coffin for py2 then</p>",
        "id": 223386027,
        "sender_full_name": "Aidan Hobson Sayers",
        "timestamp": 1611155504
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it's unfortunately not even that easy, there's not a universal invocation for python (of any version) across just tier 3 targets iirc</p>",
        "id": 223386157,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611155542
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ah sorry, more as in - we nuke .gz, it's a de-facto removal of support for a default py2 install</p>",
        "id": 223386235,
        "sender_full_name": "Aidan Hobson Sayers",
        "timestamp": 1611155573
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh, this is just if you want to download llvm, but yes</p>",
        "id": 223386273,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611155590
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>you can build it locally too :)</p>",
        "id": 223386301,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611155604
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it's faster to install py3 than compiling llvm</p>",
        "id": 223386345,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611155624
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span aria-label=\"laughing\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f606\" role=\"img\" title=\"laughing\">:laughing:</span></p>",
        "id": 223386368,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611155632
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I do agree that it'll be the start of removing support though — \"oh, we already don't support py2 in _this_ case, so we don't need to support it in _that_ case\"</p>",
        "id": 223386420,
        "sender_full_name": "Jake Goulding",
        "timestamp": 1611155644
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if this is the only problem we found then I'm +1 on the final step</p>",
        "id": 223386446,
        "sender_full_name": "Aidan Hobson Sayers",
        "timestamp": 1611155645
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't think we should delete</p>",
        "id": 223386464,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611155656
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(which <em>I</em> think is fine)</p>",
        "id": 223386474,
        "sender_full_name": "Jake Goulding",
        "timestamp": 1611155662
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"116122\">@simulacrum</span> ever? or right now?</p>",
        "id": 223386536,
        "sender_full_name": "Aidan Hobson Sayers",
        "timestamp": 1611155691
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well, we delete automatically after 168 days</p>",
        "id": 223386565,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611155703
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't think it is worth investing to eagerly delete, as it may break some older tooling - most things migrated to xz but not everything I think</p>",
        "id": 223386622,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611155733
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>last time I checked deleting early would cut off more than $1000 out of our monthly billing</p>",
        "id": 223386640,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611155742
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>[sharp intake of breath]</p>",
        "id": 223386699,
        "sender_full_name": "Aidan Hobson Sayers",
        "timestamp": 1611155764
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>how much does deleting itself cost? but that does seem to outweigh vague desire :)</p>",
        "id": 223386702,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611155764
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"116122\">simulacrum</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20/near/223386702\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>how much does deleting itself cost? but that does seem to outweigh vague desire :)</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>the <code>DELETE</code> call is free, while we would need to either setup an inventory or manually list all the files in the bucket</p>",
        "id": 223386797,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611155803
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>oh cool</p>",
        "id": 223386833,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611155820
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok I am sold on deleting</p>",
        "id": 223386854,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611155829
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so probably a little less than $20k or however much we'd save</p>",
        "id": 223386862,
        "sender_full_name": "Aidan Hobson Sayers",
        "timestamp": 1611155833
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that was fast :D</p>",
        "id": 223386949,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611155878
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyone wants to take up on this?</p>",
        "id": 223387007,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611155889
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>credit to the compelling case you brought forward <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"121055\">@Pietro Albini</span></p>",
        "id": 223387040,
        "sender_full_name": "Aidan Hobson Sayers",
        "timestamp": 1611155907
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I can take a look, been a while since I got my hands properly dirty</p>",
        "id": 223387078,
        "sender_full_name": "Aidan Hobson Sayers",
        "timestamp": 1611155924
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>great!</p>",
        "id": 223387094,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611155932
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I can feel the $s ticking away already</p>",
        "id": 223387126,
        "sender_full_name": "Aidan Hobson Sayers",
        "timestamp": 1611155946
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"261224\">@triagebot</span> await</p>",
        "id": 223387158,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611155965
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Does anyone have something to add on the current topic?<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"working on it\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f6e0\" role=\"img\" title=\"working on it\">:working_on_it:</span> if you have something to say.<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"all good\" class=\"emoji emoji-2705\" role=\"img\" title=\"all good\">:all_good:</span> if not.</p>",
        "id": 223387162,
        "sender_full_name": "triagebot",
        "timestamp": 1611155965
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok then! let's move over to the next topic</p>",
        "id": 223387287,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611156012
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>Infrastructure for @rust-lang.org email addresses for contributors<br>\n    - <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/infra-team/issues/38\">https://github.com/rust-lang/infra-team/issues/38</a></li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 223387317,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611156026
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>last week we discussed the general direction of setting up <code>@rust-lang.org</code> email addresses for (a subset of) contributors</p>",
        "id": 223387421,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611156073
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and we reached this conclusion at the end of the meeting:</p>",
        "id": 223387480,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611156100
    },
    {
        "content": "<h3>General overview</h3>\n<p>Each person will have <code>githubusername@rust-lang.org</code>, and they will be able to choose a custom alias on a first-come first-serve basis. In case of naming conflicts the Core Team will make a the final decision.</p>\n<p>The mailbox will be disabled after someone leaves the project. The mailbox should only be used for project business, the CoC will adhere to communications sent through it (as you represent the project with that email) and it might be accessed by members of the project with elevated privileges if the need arises.</p>\n<h3>Level of service provided</h3>\n<p>We need both the ability to send and receive emails. It's preferred to have a full mailbox, but if the service we end up using doesn't support it a forwarding alias with SMTP credentials could also work.</p>\n<h3>Vendor</h3>\n<p>We won't manage our own mail server. Using a service that provides a full suite of services (mail, document collaboration, storage, video calls, SSO) is preferred to reduce the amount of tools we have to manage. Some members of the team have a slight leaning torwards GSuite.</p>",
        "id": 223387482,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611156101
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"117568\">Aidan Hobson Sayers</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20/near/223385711\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>was there an issue raised you could link to?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I spent quite a bit of time breaking my back against this and I really don't think it's possible to fix <a href=\"#narrow/stream/122651-general/topic/x.2Epy.20.2B.20download-ci-llvm.20-.3E.20explicit.20python3.20needed.3F/near/221412223\">https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/122651-general/topic/x.2Epy.20.2B.20download-ci-llvm.20-.3E.20explicit.20python3.20needed.3F/near/221412223</a></p>",
        "id": 223387522,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1611156118
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>see also <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/71841#issuecomment-623108800\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/71841#issuecomment-623108800</a>, <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/71818#issuecomment-623291126\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/71818#issuecomment-623291126</a></p>",
        "id": 223387577,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Nelson",
        "timestamp": 1611156128
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>aidan was not present last week thought, and having a bit more time to think about the proposal was useful at least for me</p>",
        "id": 223387631,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611156154
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so I'd love to hear your opinions on this after a week, and try to reach consensus during this meeting</p>",
        "id": 223387666,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611156176
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so, anything y'all want to say? :)</p>",
        "id": 223387749,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611156211
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I am pretty happy with the proposal. first question was around aliases - do we perceive an issue where jane@ gets the alias, leaves, and then another jane@ joins?</p>",
        "id": 223387958,
        "sender_full_name": "Aidan Hobson Sayers",
        "timestamp": 1611156284
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>no, seems good still.</p>",
        "id": 223387981,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611156291
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>a thing that I thought about during the week was custom aliases, and that they probably bring more problems than they solve</p>",
        "id": 223388027,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611156306
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or even - jane@ has the alias and then user with github username joins the rust project and that means we have to reassign the e-mail while it might have been in active use</p>",
        "id": 223388096,
        "sender_full_name": "Aidan Hobson Sayers",
        "timestamp": 1611156330
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Heh, that was one of my possibilities I brought up last week too :-)</p>",
        "id": 223388205,
        "sender_full_name": "Jake Goulding",
        "timestamp": 1611156367
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we need to support aliases that are not ghusernames</p>",
        "id": 223388232,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611156378
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>or, rather, names that are not gh</p>",
        "id": 223388248,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611156384
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't think we can rely on gh accounts being a thing everyone who needs @rust-lang.org email having.</p>",
        "id": 223388341,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611156431
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>no, but I think foundation staff without a gh account will have a different policy</p>",
        "id": 223388437,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611156470
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>like, only having github usernames will not solve any conflicts -- we have for example mailing lists on the same namespace too</p>",
        "id": 223388528,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611156492
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>policy or not, there can still be conflicts :-)</p>",
        "id": 223388532,
        "sender_full_name": "Jake Goulding",
        "timestamp": 1611156493
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that's totally fine and seems resolveable - e.g. you can't have dots in a github username, so those people get firstname.lastname@ or whatever we like</p>",
        "id": 223388537,
        "sender_full_name": "Aidan Hobson Sayers",
        "timestamp": 1611156497
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i think it's fine as long as the core team screens the choices instead of automatically giving out the <code>jane@</code> when requested</p>",
        "id": 223388548,
        "sender_full_name": "kennytm",
        "timestamp": 1611156503
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>aha good point about mailing lists</p>",
        "id": 223388579,
        "sender_full_name": "Aidan Hobson Sayers",
        "timestamp": 1611156516
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess I'm not sure what this policy is for</p>",
        "id": 223388580,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611156516
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>this policy is for team members, not really foundation staff</p>",
        "id": 223388639,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611156539
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I do not think I want to hand out emails to everyone, and if it's only by core team approval, then I don't know that we need detailed policy</p>",
        "id": 223388680,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611156561
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>in particular, team members is too wide and unclear a scope right now</p>",
        "id": 223388703,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611156571
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>let me make that sentence a bit more clear</p>",
        "id": 223388724,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611156586
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>perhaps this segues nicely into my next question which is - I'm not really sure who is setting policy here. specifically \"(a subset of) contributors\" - unclear who decides that</p>",
        "id": 223388777,
        "sender_full_name": "Aidan Hobson Sayers",
        "timestamp": 1611156604
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the policy is for team members, not foundation staff, but core makes the call on which teams get personal aliases</p>",
        "id": 223388850,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611156628
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>because if it's not us, I'd kinda expect to punt naming problems to them to resolve on an ad-hoc basis</p>",
        "id": 223388857,
        "sender_full_name": "Aidan Hobson Sayers",
        "timestamp": 1611156629
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"121055\">Pietro Albini</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/meeting.202021-01-20/near/223388850\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>the policy is for team members, not foundation staff, but core makes the call on which teams get personal aliases</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I guess it feels to me that this is fine, but then we likely have no problems tbh, because I would expect this set to be like, mostly just core, and we can expand over time if absolutely necessary</p>",
        "id": 223389043,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611156714
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and reevaluate</p>",
        "id": 223389126,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611156735
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if core is the ultimate arbiter I think the policy makes sense, subject to core approval given they have an important role in this flow</p>",
        "id": 223389136,
        "sender_full_name": "Aidan Hobson Sayers",
        "timestamp": 1611156738
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I do not think I <em>know</em> the requirements of the future</p>",
        "id": 223389182,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611156755
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so all I'd change is for aliases to be at the full discretion of core, and then I'm good</p>",
        "id": 223389269,
        "sender_full_name": "Aidan Hobson Sayers",
        "timestamp": 1611156786
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>The Core Team decides the list of teams that need personal mailboxes, and all members of those teams will get a <code>githubusername@rust-lang.org</code> email. Custom aliases could be granted subject to approval by the Core Team. </p>\n</blockquote>",
        "id": 223389522,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611156885
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>what do you think about this?</p>",
        "id": 223389529,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611156890
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess I don't know</p>",
        "id": 223389562,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611156905
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I would prefer to just say \"the core team can specify which teams get emails, and the core team can choose how to namespace\"</p>",
        "id": 223389618,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611156934
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I just don't feel prepared to make stringent requirements I guess</p>",
        "id": 223389715,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611156969
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think having at least a strong recommendation from the start is useful, because if we start granting the mailboxes then we'd need to change all the addresses if we decide otherwise</p>",
        "id": 223389889,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611157051
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess, it really depends for me</p>",
        "id": 223389907,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611157063
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>depending on who gets the email what the alias I want to use is</p>",
        "id": 223390022,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611157103
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>having been a member of a few startups, in practice changing naming schemes often hasn't mattered, we just leave it inconsistent</p>",
        "id": 223390096,
        "sender_full_name": "Aidan Hobson Sayers",
        "timestamp": 1611157134
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah I guess I don't worry so much about consistency and so forth</p>",
        "id": 223390133,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611157152
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'd rather solve the problem when we grant a <em>team</em> addresses</p>",
        "id": 223390152,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611157163
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(or, core does)</p>",
        "id": 223390167,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611157170
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we can take along the recommendation to core, doesn't need to be a part of our policy</p>",
        "id": 223390188,
        "sender_full_name": "Aidan Hobson Sayers",
        "timestamp": 1611157187
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah I'd absolutely recommend gh username</p>",
        "id": 223390316,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611157238
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but it doesn't make sense for all teams or places</p>",
        "id": 223390334,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611157245
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>hmm ok</p>",
        "id": 223390373,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611157263
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>e.g. community team interacting with events planners, maybe gh is not a good identifier, and they have some other id</p>",
        "id": 223390376,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611157264
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I really don't know enough</p>",
        "id": 223390423,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611157279
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I kinda wanted to remove stuff from core's plate, but ok <span aria-label=\"smiley\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f603\" role=\"img\" title=\"smiley\">:smiley:</span></p>",
        "id": 223390473,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611157297
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well, this is not actually urgent?</p>",
        "id": 223390494,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611157309
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>like I am not aware of firm desire to grant a group of people addresses</p>",
        "id": 223390555,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611157324
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I mean, we already had to create aliases in a hacky way for ashley and me for foundation work</p>",
        "id": 223390617,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611157353
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess, I would like to see infra in place to do so</p>",
        "id": 223390645,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611157367
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I do not expect that we need that to be more than \"It is possible\"</p>",
        "id": 223390683,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611157381
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>to me, a valid fulfilment of the critera would be \"we've paid for google apps and given some admin credentials to the core team\"</p>",
        "id": 223390797,
        "sender_full_name": "Aidan Hobson Sayers",
        "timestamp": 1611157442
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well, kinda -- unless we want to do weird forwarding we need to migrate all MLs to the same place we have mailboxes</p>",
        "id": 223390961,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611157495
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I keep forgetting the MLs :|</p>",
        "id": 223391058,
        "sender_full_name": "Aidan Hobson Sayers",
        "timestamp": 1611157542
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>anyway, how does this look?</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>The Core Team decides the list of teams that need personal mailboxes, and all members of those teams will automatically get a mailbox. The naming scheme is subject to approval by the Core Team.</p>\n</blockquote>",
        "id": 223391083,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611157554
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think teams is too broad, e.g. team leads may make more sense.</p>",
        "id": 223391225,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611157601
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but seems good</p>",
        "id": 223391234,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611157605
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>in broad strokes</p>",
        "id": 223391248,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611157612
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think there are definitely a number of teams where @rust-lang.org are really needed for every member</p>",
        "id": 223391300,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611157640
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but we can have that discussion in core</p>",
        "id": 223391320,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611157652
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok! I don't necessarily disagree :)</p>",
        "id": 223391329,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611157654
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't think it needs refining too much, it's not like we're setting it in stone</p>",
        "id": 223391341,
        "sender_full_name": "Aidan Hobson Sayers",
        "timestamp": 1611157661
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah</p>",
        "id": 223391355,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611157666
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>to put naming and aliases aside for a bit - are there any <em>other</em> aspects that people have thoughts on?</p>",
        "id": 223391373,
        "sender_full_name": "Aidan Hobson Sayers",
        "timestamp": 1611157674
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well damn <em>[puts stone carving tools away]</em></p>",
        "id": 223391468,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611157695
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think the other aspects of the proposal are fine</p>",
        "id": 223391575,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611157738
    },
    {
        "content": "<h3>General overview</h3>\n<p>The Core Team decides the list of teams that need personal mailboxes, and all members of those teams will automatically get a mailbox. The naming scheme is subject to approval by the Core Team.</p>\n<p>The mailbox will be disabled after someone leaves the project. The mailbox should only be used for project business, the CoC will adhere to communications sent through it (as you represent the project with that email) and it might be accessed by members of the project with elevated privileges if the need arises.</p>\n<h3>Level of service provided</h3>\n<p>We need both the ability to send and receive emails. It's preferred to have a full mailbox, but if the service we end up using doesn't support it a forwarding alias with SMTP credentials could also work.</p>\n<h3>Vendor</h3>\n<p>We won't manage our own mail server. Using a service that provides a full suite of services (mail, document collaboration, storage, video calls, SSO) is preferred to reduce the amount of tools we have to manage. Some members of the team have a slight leaning torwards GSuite.</p>",
        "id": 223391688,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611157790
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if nobody has concerns can we do some thumbs up/down?</p>",
        "id": 223391799,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611157820
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess I am thumbs up</p>",
        "id": 223392001,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611157910
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I still feel like \"team\" is insufficient granularity</p>",
        "id": 223392035,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611157920
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok then!</p>",
        "id": 223392160,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611157959
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'll update the issue and bubble up the parts that require core approval to core</p>",
        "id": 223392180,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611157970
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>does anyone want to look into which vendor we could use?</p>",
        "id": 223392233,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611157994
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>hmm ok I guess I'll look into it myself in the coming weeks</p>",
        "id": 223392481,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611158077
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(if someone else wants to prep for deletion then I can do this)</p>",
        "id": 223392487,
        "sender_full_name": "Aidan Hobson Sayers",
        "timestamp": 1611158079
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(don't have a preference)</p>",
        "id": 223392529,
        "sender_full_name": "Aidan Hobson Sayers",
        "timestamp": 1611158101
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>hmm, I kinda prefer looking for the email solution of the two</p>",
        "id": 223392570,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611158118
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think we don't need a solution for emails that's more advanced than the one you came up with Pietro in sooner than, say, 2 months</p>",
        "id": 223392618,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611158147
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>doesn't hurt to have it all in the back pocket</p>",
        "id": 223392679,
        "sender_full_name": "Aidan Hobson Sayers",
        "timestamp": 1611158164
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well, even if we want to use mailgun for a while I'd like to clean it up a bit on the impl side :)</p>",
        "id": 223392785,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611158217
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I am not convinced we <em>can</em> find it before we have a more complete picture, e.g. maybe foundation will provide requirements or need things</p>",
        "id": 223392807,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611158226
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but ok</p>",
        "id": 223392820,
        "sender_full_name": "simulacrum",
        "timestamp": 1611158233
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok then! anything else for this item? <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"261224\">@triagebot</span> await</p>",
        "id": 223392864,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611158252
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Does anyone have something to add on the current topic?<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"working on it\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f6e0\" role=\"img\" title=\"working on it\">:working_on_it:</span> if you have something to say.<br>\nReact with <span aria-label=\"all good\" class=\"emoji emoji-2705\" role=\"img\" title=\"all good\">:all_good:</span> if not.</p>",
        "id": 223392866,
        "sender_full_name": "triagebot",
        "timestamp": 1611158252
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok then!</p>",
        "id": 223393103,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611158347
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'll post a message in the private channel in a bit</p>",
        "id": 223393123,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611158355
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>otherwise thanks for attending, and have a good week!</p>",
        "id": 223393154,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611158365
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>\\o</p>",
        "id": 223393155,
        "sender_full_name": "Pietro Albini",
        "timestamp": 1611158366
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>\\o</p>",
        "id": 223393173,
        "sender_full_name": "Aidan Hobson Sayers",
        "timestamp": 1611158372
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>\\o</p>",
        "id": 223393204,
        "sender_full_name": "kennytm",
        "timestamp": 1611158383
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>\\o</p>",
        "id": 223393213,
        "sender_full_name": "Jake Goulding",
        "timestamp": 1611158386
    }
]