[
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"123856\">@Vadim Petrochenkov</span> I'm trying to figure out what bits of work needs to land regarding the module system -- and specifically what we expect to have to backport to beta. Is there a \"central comment\" or PR that outlines your strategy here?</p>",
        "id": 147549236,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1542054479
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/55884\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/55884\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/55884</a> is the only thing targeting beta so far.</p>",
        "id": 147551184,
        "sender_full_name": "Vadim Petrochenkov",
        "timestamp": 1542056709
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"127859\">@Taylor Cramer</span> may want to backport some non-mod.rs-mod stuff on beta (e.g. stabilization), but I'm not sure.</p>",
        "id": 147551374,
        "sender_full_name": "Vadim Petrochenkov",
        "timestamp": 1542056927
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>OK, thanks!</p>",
        "id": 147553280,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1542059422
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'll take a look at that</p>",
        "id": 147553284,
        "sender_full_name": "nikomatsakis",
        "timestamp": 1542059425
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think <a href=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/55560\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/55560\">https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/55560</a> is dead in the water unless we think we can adapt syn and any other crates that may have been broken</p>",
        "id": 147555301,
        "sender_full_name": "Taylor Cramer",
        "timestamp": 1542061673
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It's frustrating seeing as we already landed the breakage to nearly the exact same set of things</p>",
        "id": 147555354,
        "sender_full_name": "Taylor Cramer",
        "timestamp": 1542061693
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>This just extends the breakage to usages in <code>lib.rs</code>/<code>mod.rs</code>/<code>main.rs</code> files</p>",
        "id": 147555370,
        "sender_full_name": "Taylor Cramer",
        "timestamp": 1542061712
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and makes things more consistent as a result</p>",
        "id": 147555377,
        "sender_full_name": "Taylor Cramer",
        "timestamp": 1542061725
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>This is all a way of saying that i don't think there are any breakages we should aim to make here</p>",
        "id": 147555400,
        "sender_full_name": "Taylor Cramer",
        "timestamp": 1542061753
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and none of them are edition-sensitive</p>",
        "id": 147555402,
        "sender_full_name": "Taylor Cramer",
        "timestamp": 1542061758
    }
]