<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>planning meeting update · project-deref-patterns · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/281601-project-deref-patterns/index.html">project-deref-patterns</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/281601-project-deref-patterns/topic/planning.20meeting.20update.html">planning meeting update</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="238565601"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/281601-project-deref-patterns/topic/planning%20meeting%20update/near/238565601" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> nikomatsakis <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/281601-project-deref-patterns/topic/planning.20meeting.20update.html#238565601">(May 13 2021 at 00:46)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hey folks! Could somebody post an update to <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/lang-team/issues/88">https://github.com/rust-lang/lang-team/issues/88</a> for the monthly lang team planning meeting next Wednesday? Thanks!</p>



<a name="238761406"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/281601-project-deref-patterns/topic/planning%20meeting%20update/near/238761406" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Connor Horman <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/281601-project-deref-patterns/topic/planning.20meeting.20update.html#238761406">(May 14 2021 at 12:53)</a>:</h4>
<p>Posted <span aria-label="thumbs up" class="emoji emoji-1f44d" role="img" title="thumbs up">:thumbs_up:</span></p>



<a name="244218893"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/281601-project-deref-patterns/topic/planning%20meeting%20update/near/244218893" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/281601-project-deref-patterns/topic/planning.20meeting.20update.html#244218893">(Jun 28 2021 at 23:55)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hey all!</p>
<p>The lang team is holding the next planning meeting on July 7th (next week), and is looking for updates from the active projects. Please leave them on your issue on the lang-team repo: <a href="https://github.com/rust-lang/lang-team/issues/88">https://github.com/rust-lang/lang-team/issues/88</a></p>
<p>Good questions to consider:</p>
<ul>
<li>What are recent topics of discussion?</li>
<li>Any exciting developments since the last check-in?</li>
<li>Any points where the group is stuck and the lang-team could weigh in?</li>
<li>Any potential design meeting topics?</li>
<li>Any other concerns?</li>
</ul>
<p>No worries if there's not been any significant progress since the last update.</p>



<a name="244218975"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/281601-project-deref-patterns/topic/planning%20meeting%20update/near/244218975" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/281601-project-deref-patterns/topic/planning.20meeting.20update.html#244218975">(Jun 28 2021 at 23:57)</a>:</h4>
<p>It looks like several of the questions raised in the last meeting weren't yet communicated back -- I believe I was on the hook to do that? -- I unfortunately haven't had the time yet, but you can look here for the meeting notes <a href="https://hackmd.io/vZzzEVIMRiWN_7eptYxaOg?view#deref-patterns">https://hackmd.io/vZzzEVIMRiWN_7eptYxaOg?view#deref-patterns</a></p>
<p>Maybe someone on the group can take on trying to create the asked for doc (not by the meeting next week, necessarily)?</p>



<a name="244978664"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/281601-project-deref-patterns/topic/planning%20meeting%20update/near/244978664" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> simulacrum <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/281601-project-deref-patterns/topic/planning.20meeting.20update.html#244978664">(Jul 05 2021 at 22:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>cc <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="257758">@Connor Horman</span> ^</p>



<a name="244979962"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/281601-project-deref-patterns/topic/planning%20meeting%20update/near/244979962" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Connor Horman <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/281601-project-deref-patterns/topic/planning.20meeting.20update.html#244979962">(Jul 05 2021 at 22:55)</a>:</h4>
<p>Oh yeah, I meant to do this.</p>



<a name="244980037"></a>
<h4><a href="https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/281601-project-deref-patterns/topic/planning%20meeting%20update/near/244980037" class="zl"><img src="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Connor Horman <a href="https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/stream/281601-project-deref-patterns/topic/planning.20meeting.20update.html#244980037">(Jul 05 2021 at 22:57)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'll do the update today, and get a doc together by Wednesday.</p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 20:01 UTC</p>
</html>